I heard a song today. One that swept me back to a time in my past I had hidden from myself. Rusted and faded in the spot where we fell In a place I thought I had left behind. Yet, it was there waiting to be remembered, This sad little memory. A time when I was happily bundled in forbidden love. Waiting far too long For something I forgot was wrong. Society was such a cold, uncaring fool, Forcing me to unwrap myself from love's warmth And find another better suited to It's choosing. Remembering the way I felt then And realizing how I feel now I recognize how stupidly I threw away happiness...forever? Miserable, I sit here listening to my regret, Fearing that I'll never love again , And push repeat.  2000-by me -Quotes from Until I Fall Away by the Gin Blossoms. I have no legal authority to copyright their lyrics and I disclaim any attempt to do so without the band's written consent.- It is unlawful to reprint or publish any part of this selection without the author's written consent.	female
When I have fears that I may cease to be  before my pen has glean'd my teeming brain; Before high-piled books in charact'ry  hold like rich garners the full ripen'd grain; When I behold, upon the night's starr'd face  huge cloudy symbols of a high romance, And think that I may never live to trace  their shadows with the magic hand of chance; And when I feel, fair creature of an hour,  that I shall never look upon thee more, Never have relish in the faery power  of unreflecting love;- then on the shore Of the wide world I stand alone, and think  Till love and fame to nothingness do sink.  -John Keats (1795-1821)	female
As I await the eventual overthrow of the sun by the moon and his army of glittering wishes, I recollect the hallowed day our souls collided.  Through the many glimpses of shattered dreams and dashed hopes for happiness, my mind stumbles upon the "prodigious birth of our love." How different it has been from all the hopeless impostors of the past. The soft grin of your lips and the warm, content glow that shines from your soul's windows are now the goals destined to my existence, your happiness, the only reason for my being. Through the tunnel of the future emerges, you and I, star-crossed lovers, meant to be, strong and true.  The battles is over, the conquest complete, the moon and his army claim their now darkened territory. I watch in silence, completely in love, dreaming of you, my little star, my perfect wish come true.  1998-by me -The quote, "the prodigious birth of our love" taken from William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet - It is unlawful to reprint or publish any part of this selection without the author's written consent.	female
Day by day I wait and pray That I will get a raise in pay. A year now I've worked and served My best to my job, I know I've earned A simple fifty cents maybe more. My devotion I've given to this store. The along comes Misses Right, She and the boss are really tight. Day by day I know she prays That no one will see her sneaky ways. I work and slave while she kissed butt I'm having trouble keeping my mouth shut. Before I knew it, she was making more than me Good Lord, can they not see Past her greedy smile and liar's glee? Why is this I pay this huge fee To hold my tongue and keep working hard? Smile, oh, laugh, ha, she is a card! All she does, I do and more Except kiss butt and adore The boss who hands out the cash to her and I. I refuse to stoop to her level, why?  1997-by me I wrote this poem while working at Sonic Drive-In. My best friend and I worked there together our junior and senior year's of high school. We had a lot of great times unless 'Monica' was working. It's been seven years since we left Sonic but sadly, I'll never forget the girl who was hired and kissed ass all the way to the top...  It is unlawful to reprint or publish any part of this selection without the author's written consent.	female
-I was a child and she was a child,   In this kingdom by the sea; But we loved with a love that was more than love,   I and my Annabel Lee-  -excerpt taken from Annabel Lee by Edgar Allan Poe	female
-Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.-  -excerpt taken from A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare	female
urlLink  His Eye. June 2004. My first attempt at using a Wakom tablet.	female
My thoughts as of late are selfishly consumed with turning twenty-five years old. I discuss this seldom, as most people feel I am being vain. When in fact my concern with the age, is not the age itself, yet what is represents to me. I remember, as do most, being an adolescent not being able to fathom ever turning twenty, let alone twenty-five. As I grew older, I knew this day would come, although I thought I would be more prepared. Perhaps as I have aged my ideal of myself has not. Could I still young at heart, even though some days I feel a million years old? I notice changes in myself as time passes, some physically but most mentally. I’ve taken some of my childhood qualities into adulthood, and some left behind. These become obvious to me when I am remembered for a quality that I no longer possess. However, it is not this that worries me about turning twenty-five, rather I keep coming back to a conversation my father and I had one New Year’s Eve. I remember the look in his eyes, and the terror in my heart, for if what he was saying was true; in front of me lie a lifetime of confusion. He said that he felt every monumental age came with a life crisis of sorts. That perhaps he did not agree with only mid-life crisis, but that it happened about every 10 years or so. One reflects on their life and changes it appropriately and prepares for the upcoming years. Possibly even changing direction on a current path, or goal. Could this be possible? Am I destined to re-evaluate myself every 10 years or so? This thought making me reflect on my life choices. I chose to take longer with school, it took me awhile to choose a degree path, and even now I sometimes become hesitant. I think about my friends and their paths, some of them seem so mature compared to mine. They are embarking on marriage, parenting, or buying their first new house. Then I think about my mom when she was twenty-five, she was already a parent. A life I cannot imagine, not out of lack of respect, rather my own lack of responsibility. I admire those people, like my mom, who were basically grown-ups by my age. I’m barely getting close to adulthood, despite my age. Although some might call me lucky, sometimes I still feel stuck in between an age group. Not a kid, not quite an adult. So, if this theory of my fathers is true, we’ve all felt this way. Although this doesn’t make me feel less alone, as it should, just makes me feel a bit sillier for making such a damn big deal out of it.	female
Sometimes I wonder where the time has gone. I seem to get so caught up in all the things that are in my face, like work and school, that I sometimes forget some of the things that I am passionate about. Like politics. Most everyone has confronted me about how I feel about Kerry. I have no solid answer. My only thought at this point is that when I voted for him when I lived in Boston, I felt good about him, but most importantly we CANNOT have Bush in office for yet another moment. Are these good enough reasons to vote for him? I’ve never been so unaware of a candidate, I’d normally have many reasons why to vote for someone, health care; taxes, social security; abortion, however, I’ve lost so much of my interest, and frankly, I am worried. I realize this election is probably more important than the last. Why am I so hesitant to get involved? Did the last election make me loss my faith in the system? Have I become numb to the political malfunction? Lies, low blows, cheating and stealing. What have our politicians come to? I know this is not what this country was founded on. What happened to the honorable men? What happened to our pride in our country and our President? I am too young to remember when this country loved their President. Although I can see it in my parents eyes. They remember a time where they cried when their President was assassinated. They’d gather as a family and watch with pride and admiration as their President would address them. They weren’t ashamed to declare the President their President. They felt part of it all. Now, I sit here, unaware, partially because of my own fault, and partially because I am not made aware. My views potentially skewed by a slanderous media. My choices made by Supreme Court judges whom should be disbarred. My vote unacknowledged. The peoples vote quieted by a man who was merely given the Office instead of earning it. I feel betrayed and sickened. Should this stop me from making an educated vote? NO! That would make me just as ignorant as these people hope we get. This betrayal should force us all to rise, rise up and conquer our foe. We must make sure that we do not allow Bush to win this battle (not that he did the first time anyways), we must fight, in all ways possible, we must make sure we win this time. We, the people…our voice needs desperately to be heard. Heard above the media clowns looking for their Pulitzer, above the scoundrels squashing our rights, above the man…we must win!!	female
This is big…oh big news for me. I’ve finally let go of my Apple computer and succumbed to the world of Microsoft. Oh my…this is big. I figured that I’d have some time to do all the updates that my poor old Mac needed, and this morning as I was trying to load in the most current operating system, it just stopped working. Honestly I was just looking for an excuse to get a new computer, but I was hoping economically it would be feasible for me to purchase another Mac. Not the case. I am concerned at the prices of the Apples compared to the PCs. So, I did it, I bought a PC. OH MY! I am typing on it now. At least it is cute and kind of “Macish” so I don’t feel like I am cheating too badly. You know the reality of it all, is that it was just not practical. Like the Microsoft hating person I was, I had nothing Microsoft on my Mac at first, and then every time I would download something it would bog the poor little thing down. I’ve put my beloved Mac to rest this evening, and I am not an official PC user…OH MY!	female
I am not sure what has possessed me to do something this silly. I would be fooling myself if I thought I had something profound to say...however, I will give it my best. As I always do. Struggling to find that piece of myself that can write with the fluidity of a good cosmopolitan sliding down your throat, especially after a day where your feet have long since declared mutiny. Although I fear this is just my declaration to the people of the world, that I am a failure when it comes to punctuation. What can I say I am a fan of the fragment sentence, and am in desperate fear of the dreaded semi-colon. Perhaps this my entirely selfish and lazy way of keeping my friends in touch with my thoughts and such, or just another way to make myself feel overly important. One might never know, either seems a bit pretentious. On a rather real, and more boring note, I am out of school for the semester. It seems in between school full time and work full time, there is not a day where I don’t have some schedule to meet. I loathe my alarm clock, which now doesn’t have to go off everyday. My big decision now is what to do with all the courses which I have taken, like where to get my degree, and of course the dreaded moment of choice, what to major in. Of course, my primary interest Psychology and Nursing, however, I will have to make it specific and final. This has always been one of my biggest fears… In other news, my back injuries from a car accident I was in about a year ago have put me out of work for a bit. I started with epidural injections, then facet injections, and now on to a different therapy. I am confident, however, between my time off and the new treatment that I will be looking soon at some relief. I have learned a whole lot how much your body depends on your back being in good shape, and have had the bad experience in learning that chronic pain does not make for a good tempered Jen. In fact, I found myself more bitter and angry than I’d even been. My negativity was consuming. I found myself changing from the ideal of the person whom I’ve struggled to become. A gracious, kind-hearted, sometimes clumsy and over zealous at times, but nonetheless, good-natured. I am in search of the girl that I once knew I would become; I am search of her love and laughter. I will find her again…perhaps this my path.	female
No matter how bitter I might be able to get about a past relationship, or one of my girlfriend’s boy troubles, somehow I still manage to be unrealistically optimistic. Perhaps I’m a romantic, or maybe I’m trying to protect my fragile heart. I want to believe that people have a foundation of good, but just make bad decisions sometimes. Is that being naïve? Is this why my expectations of men seem to be so out of reach? Does the “Prince Charming” actually exist? Can a man fall to his knees; profess undying love without losing his masculinity, without classifying him as weak or too emotional? I wonder if we’ve bred a group of emotionless men. Teaching them eagerly not to cry or express their feelings openly, for what? Perhaps, to make the perfect alpha-male? And, what’s that anyway? Why are we encouraging men to become more aloof and women to become more independent? Perhaps in the end everyone finds what they’ve been looking for; but what if the person they are looking for doesn’t think they are the “one”? Is this possible? Is there a flip side to the soul mate theory? Could I possibly be everything a particular man wants, but he isn’t quite what I am looking for? What a miserable thought. And all I can keep thinking about is that my confusion will only tangle a deeper web as I get older…	female
When did so many people become rude and so self consumed? I went to a concert put on by one of the local radio stations this weekend. It was a two day show; I only went for one day. We all know how these shows work, you get there early stake your claim for space, roam around, get some sun, and relax. However, since we were there so early, we set up right up front. I hadn’t anticipated how much of a disaster that would be. As the acts got bigger more and more people invaded our space. This is something that I expected, however I could have never anticipated how rude people were. They just pushed their way through, not ever looking back at whom they might have shoved behind them. In fact, there was a guy who set his blanket up next to ours, and by close to the end of the show, he was no where to be found and people had taken over his blanket. As if these people had no respect for someone else’s space. At one time I did see him, crowded by people, who were almost pushing him out of the way, how dare he be there on his own blanket? Moments like those make me scream inside in defense of other people. What does it take for people to feel empathy? What does it take for people to have some respect and consideration for other people? What has happened to people? When did we get so selfish? Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!	female
I went and saw Fahrenheit 9/11 the other day. The film was powerful and very well done! I would recommend it to anyone, in fact. I admire Michael Moore’s honestly and audacity. If this doesn’t open people’s eyes, I don’t know what will!	female
I am infuriated at the blatant way singletons are made to feel alone and desperate by the ramblings of the media. An article on MSN gives a guide for any single woman who attends a wedding alone, as if we are too weak to do so without directions. As if we are too pathetic to attend a public event by ourselves. Perhaps we are stretching the softness of women a bit too far; we can actually do things by on our own. They offer advice on clothing and behavior; however, I am most disgusted by their “how to” section on answering that dreaded question that apparently makes us wither to the ground, alone and pathetic: ”Are you seeing anyone?” I am horrified that we need to make up excuses, is it embarrassing to be single? Is it a contagious disease that other people flee from? Should I hide in my room and take to my computer to read up on all the “how to’s”, so I can make sure I hook myself a real catch. Then I could be the envy of all the other wretched singletons out there, hiding in their closets with "how to" books. Then I won’t sink down into the morass of singleness. Then I’ll be complete and able to attend a wedding with my head held high, because I won’t be alone. As if being alone is something bad. What if I enjoy my own company? What if I am comfortable in my own skin? Does that just make me intimidating and too controlling? It seems to me we are damned if we do and damned if we don’t. Perhaps the media could pull their heads out of their asses and find something important to actually report. Wouldn’t that be a treat?	female
I’ve been thinking lately about soul mates. What are they and how do you know if yours is standing in front of you? And are there different levels of soul mates; those who are meant to be your friend and those who are meant to be something more? Because I feel a very strong and distinct connection between me and my close friends, but how can you distinguish whether that friend is meant to be something more in your life? I’d be foolish to deny a connection or “force”, but at what cost? Is it worth the pain of a failed friendship? Is it likely a person whom could be your soul mate could be the same person who can make you hurt so badly, and also make you laugh ‘til it hurts? I wonder if it is possible to even understand the depths of any of this, or whether I just need to trust my instincts! Webster’s says soul mate is “one of two persons compatible with each other in disposition, point of view, or sensitivity.” Is that all it takes??? Fuck, I thought it was so much deeper than that…I guess I should lighten up!	female
It's official! I just put my first political bumper sticker on my truck... I'm so proud!	female
I think this is just an expansion on my last post. I’m having a hard time believing whether people can change. Could that person who I knew in high school, the hateful jerk, can he change into a well rounded caring individual? In my own life I know that I’ve behaved in ways that I am not proud of, and I’ve seen myself change, but have I really? I’m still the same person; I still have the same blood running through my body, the same weaknesses, still prone to the same tendencies. Is changing something that is bigger than feeling sorry for an action and molding your behavior around that feeling? If I’d even been caught stealing, perhaps I wouldn’t do it again, but am I only changing because I got caught? I had a friend like this, who cried when she got caught, but was she crying only for herself or was she truly sorry for her actions? Can someone hit rock bottom, as my mom says, and finally realize that they have to change? How far down is the bottom and do you even have the resources to change when you get there? In particular, I’m scared for a person who I care very much about. I tried fixing him; however it only made me miserable with him. I’m hopeful he can change. I pray he changes, not for me, but so he can finally be happy without conjuring some silly moment from the past. I guess I am a hopeless optimistic, it’s finally hit me! When did I become this way? Last I remember I was a die hard pessimist, then all of a sudden, BAM! Obviously I’ve changed, so there MUST be hope for the rest of the world! :)	female
I started writing these things as a way to vent some feelings and it is working out fairly well. This Maria girl is killing me, but only in my brain. I assume she has no feelings other than friendship feelings towards me, but I am having a hard time getting through to my heart to let him know. I have been trying my damnedest to not call her, so the lesson is when you have feelings just ignore them. It hurts to ignore something that feels right in your heart, but what are you supposed to do. Keep being around a person and put your heart through rigorous torture. I'll pass, I can't handle this heartbreak. Off that subject, my grandmother is in the hospital because she is having vertigo attacks. She loses her balance and then is pretty much paralyzed from the loss of balance. I write her a letter every week and I have since I have been in college, because I know she gets lonely in Dallas by herself. She has a shrine of me on her walls. I used to go home with her after school every other day when my mom had to go back to work. I learned to cook and she told me stories after stories. I love my grandmother, but she won't be here until the end of time. Life hurts, always.	male
Normal is the worst word in the human vocabulary. I am tired of feeling stagnate, always waking up to the scenery hurts the soul of a young college student. I am tired of belly aching over this particular theme, but it is on the top of the mind throughout the day. Had a physics test today, it went well I suppose. Enough of the scholastic talk! I still have a crush on that same girl, but I don't believe she returns the same feelings. I am getting used to the disappointment around here. So depressing, but I am still sane and my jeans are dry today. Life is never too bad, Well at least I have my books. Well I guess this is good-bye. Don't forget that casserole dish you let me borrow. That squash casserole recipe you gave me was to die for. You are such a peach. Well check ya later.	male
I have done nothing today and it was everything I hoped it would be. Life has thrown me some curve balls lately and I am unable to mask it like the usual. I feel like I am doing the things in life right, but the answer I get is not the one everyone else got. What are you going to do?  Went running this morning, I felt like the kid with asthma that had to walk while everyone ran. Where did he get that damn doctor's note? I assume that to be successful in Medical School I will need to be in good shape as well. Is all this responsibility worth it? I just get tired of making more and more sacrifices and others seem to remain the same. I guess this is growing up? Sometimes I wonder where my place in the world is? Who are my friends there? Or is feeling misunderstood just part of life you have to tolerate? I want change, but change is will only slow down my path to becoming what I want to do in life. Where are Simon and Garfunkel now, and bob dylan, or Crosby, Stills, and Nash. I want a reason to do nothing.  I have seen footage of a South Korean man being held in the hands of Al-Quaeda Rebels, they are probably going to behead him as they have already done with two American cities. This world is becoming crazy, there has been violence before, but humanity has up and left the room. Poor men that have nothing to do with the their cause, but have families. Tragic??? still like that girl, but the magic 8 ball says outlook not so good.	male
Well today was another fun-filled day in the life of working student. It started with a healthy dosage of Physics at 8 am in the morning and ended with an 8 hour shift at the hospital. This place is so desolate, and it is beginning to tear away on my soul. I am tired of no trees and no elevation changes, too much sky makes it to easy to drift off and dream of a far off place where you can be the person you want to be. I feel like I have all this responsibility and nothing to show for it, but time and patience will take care of that. I wish I could utter the words, I am tired of life here, lets take a holiday in Spain. I have had a hard time nudging Maria out of my brain. She has such a personal side to her, willing to display her vulnerability to anyone with no reservation. I wish I could let people know the real me, the one has his feelings hurt when friends let me down. I wish people knew how much I genuinely care for them, but some things are better said through actions. I don't believe she shares the same feelings as I have for her. She has so many boys knocking down her door, I may have personality but that can only carry you so far. Enough of this There was a baby at the hospital today that weighed only two pounds and was carried for 9 months. She was just tiny, but I looked as her eyes struggled to open from time to time. I am reminded of what really makes everyday life beautiful. Not materials, not where you live, or if you are doing great in life. It is the common bond we all share, we are human beings that exist to help others to accomplish life. We all exist to give a ride in a bus, check out your groceries, pick up the trash, nurse back to health, Whatever the case may be, my rambling has no point other than I love to see people live their lives.  Damn the man, save the empire	male
Time to vent I suppose: Life brings trials and tribulations that test the character of human beings, but why do we have to endure so many tests. Talking about love through these medium is probably overkill to the avid reader. However, love is the drive of someone's life and all the world revolves around their love or lack there of. Which brings me to what may cause an aneurysm later on in life. A little background: I am a nice guy, some assholes claim this title and are unable to back it up, hence the common quote, "He was so nice at first", anyway I was the friend that every girl claimed they wanted to marry, eventually. Now that I am attending a four year university, I truly believed being the nice guy would begin paying off by Kharma's standards alone. I have had girlfriends, all of which I have settled for. Not that they weren't nice girls or pretty, but I am a helpless romantic that has a vision of who I want. Not by the characteristics of blonde, tall, tan, or things of that nature. I want a girl that thinks for herself and has ambitions in life. I want the girl that will go play in the rain, lay in bed all day and talk even though the sun is shining, likes herself the way she is(little if no make-up and never even considered plastic surgery), loves the beauty of nature and is ok with no TV. I could go on, but I thought I found the girl.(Keyword:thought) She was my best friend and the one I confided in the most. I confused the friendship we had with deeper feelings on account of the love you have for a best friend. I was ready to give up on the girls in this region of the world, until an interest popped up in an unexpected place. She was an ex-girlfriend's little sister in her sorority(normally don't like the breed but there are exceptions to every rule). We will call her Maria, and I am not so bold to say I am in love or even in that state of mind, but I enjoy getting know everything about her. She is real to herself at all times in any company, which is unfortunately all to rare now days. Her ability to care for others is almost overwhelming, and leaves you breathless at times. She thinks no one understands her. My new name shall be "NO ONE", for I am the friend that takes care of all, offering myself and all that I have to anyone who asks. This is the most fulfilling way of life to me, but it has its burns that come with it. There is the taking advantage angle, but I am getting more from helping them than they are from me. Its when the few days out of the year that you shed optimism and have the shitty days. Where is everyone? I could use someone to vent to. Guys, where are you?  No need to be bitter, but it hurts the heart, which is what guides me through life. I like this Maria, she is special, unique in spirit and is all to beautiful(definition: pretty, funny, intelligent, outgoing), you know BEAUTIFUL. That word is used all too much and most don't deserve it. I don't care if anything comes from it, it would be nice. She is one of the people you meet on your path in life and are a better person because of them. I said it, she makes me want to be a better person.  This was all too long but it's my first time. Well Check Ya Later!	male
stayat home chatting with friends in the afternoon... and tried to ask many people out for dinner but i was too short a notice for most of them... So i decided to go Westmall to do some shopping and have my hair cut... Surprisingly a friend of mine " Adrine" ask if want to go for dinner then a show... wow,.. that was just great... isnt that wat i wanted....! So i went to orchard to meet her and her friend for dinner at Genki shushi... Then she friends insisted that we go have a drink at the new pub that his friend open at Les Meridian... Ya right supposingly go for a movie, ended up drinking one bottle of Martel with a very nice Uncle Bobo... and friends.... hahah i think its hilarious! I was just wearing bermuda t-shirt, slippers and holding a bag of Shop save stuffs.... hahah it was fun though.... :)	male
Finally after a long bumpy ride"almost like phuking" on SQ246 on the morning of 28th i am Home! Nice to be home... but immediately my sensitive nose became itchy runny... skins start itch abit too... well i guess its the pollution from the neighbouring countries again... Before coming back,.. yesterday i went shopping at Harbour town... and managed to get a bargain of Mambo T-shirts!  Mambo Bargain!    after that we went to eat japanese food at Goldcoast... its was pretty good and genuine, the place was jammed packed... After dinner we embarked on long journey up the scary road to Natural Bridge Park to witness the spectacular Glow Worms in the cave with waterfall inside.... Yeah it was like having many bright blue stars in the cave.... beautiful! but too bad we cant take photo of it... The glow worms are sensitve to lights... so if you guys are going there... pls refrain from using lights inside the cave... Its late now... better go sleep lor... and dream of what delicious local food i shall eat tomorrow!... ;)	male
After dinner went to pick Ken Han up to go Boon Tiong's place to study for our last paper on friday... But all seems to be rather slack as if the exam is over... Ya another night wasted in Talk Cock Session... Hai... hope tomorrow will be more productive.. ;)	male
Just came back from studying with Boon Tiong and Ken Han... On my way back to IH "International House my college", i was virtually shivering and barely could onto the steering wheel... Then when i check the temperature online... it was 4degress celcius! Wow... breaking the record i experienced last winter of 6 deg celcius... Remembering that Ken Han is still studying at Boon Tiong's place... i called to advice him not to go home tonight because cycling in this cold weather with hardly enough clothes on is not adviceable... Well... good luck to their Traffic exam tomorrow morning! ;)  urlLink Website For weather Report	male
Saturday i spent the whole day slacking... Late afternoon i dropped gen off at Toowong's Coles to get me a rim of photocopy papers for only $3.50.. darn cheap... And i went to Sherwood shell station to pump petrol... only 89cent which is also very cheap considering the fact that its saturday and the price of petrol increased.. At night at about 10:30pm me, Giri, Nadine, Suzzaannne and Joseph had a game of Monopoly... It was a great game!!! I managed to buy all the train stations in about 3 rounds... and everybody kept patronising it! Yeah,.. the the funny thing was when all 4 of them landed on my stations in the same round... Hahaha... i was good.... ^_^ Well i guess i better got sleep lor... Try wake up early start doing something more productive like packing up my room for shifting, packing my laugage for home...and ofcourse studying for my final exam next friday!	male
Soldiers Nuns     Mid term holiday to GoldCoast Byron Bay            The Light house at Byron Bay     My Secondary School Buddies!	male
My first post!!!!! Impressive!!!!!	male
Finally after spending many days and countless hours admiring my friends Blog eg. Gen's and Cat's.. I am getting one for myself. Today i had a very mind draining and stressing exam (Structural Analysis). Went into the exam keep thinking its a 2hours paper till i got a shock when the examiner say its 3hours... Well that was wat me and my classmates thought it would be. Well after going through the questions, i realised that i got alot of time to day dream because i could only understand 2/4 questions. Well, since that is over i should leave it to fate then. My next paper is also the last paper, is on the 25th. I decided that i should give myself a day of break before i start touching the books again. Gen my good friend whom introduced me to this wonderful website asked me to join Cat,Jazon and her for dinner afer their exam tonight. Didn't felt like eating at first, but the food (Veg tofu, Calamari, Sweet sour pork, spring onions fish) was so much and so good that i decided to chip in and help them eat. Wow.. such a long winded start to advertising my life, hehe hope i will persist in updating this website like a diary.. Good Luck to the rest of our exams!!	male
The Group Preparing the Indian Stall..     Malaysian FRied Lies Anyone?!     My Beutiful Housemates! Gary Krishma^_^     Nemo Hand Wash Soap~    Went shopping at WoolsWorth with Gary and we found the interesting 3D Handwash soap, both me and Gary bought one.!	male
Had a gethering with my Buddies..! We went to eat Vegetarian Buffet... Yeah... Vegetarian Buffet for this bunch of guys!... Because one of our dear friend is Vegetarian... Guess whom he is... ;)  Buddy KTVing...    Anyway we decided to go KTV after that, and sang till our throats crack...!	male
Home Sweet Home for the Next 6months! ^_^  Moi New Room!     Personal 5StaR Bath Room!     Living Room of my Apartment     Kitchen of my Apartment	male
Howdy Everyone! Yeah its has been a long time since the end of last semester that i made any changes or added anything in Blog webpage... Nevertheless i am back... Today i had great meal with a group of frens and my flat mate... I cooked Laksa for the first time and its a blessing that everyone enjoyed it...  Laksa Feast!    From Left: Gen,Angella,Karishma,Gary Moody,Boon Tiong,WahKon(Camera Man).	male
I'm in a quandry that faces most budding writers. Too many story ideas, too little discipline to focus on one. Every single writing manual I've read from Stephen King's brilliant 'On Writing', David Morrell's (Rambo) ' Lessons from a lifetime on writing' offer the same advice: write about something that really interests you.  I get where they're coming from; my first Creative Writing professor was absolutely riveted by the idea of Indians writing (he acted like I was the first; Rushdie, Roy and Naipaul are obvioulsy chopped liver :) ) so I, being the people-pleaser I am, pandered to him in the worst way, writing the same type of stereotypical garbage I mock most of the time.  Now that I've decided to write my fiction, I'm faced with a different problem: I have two workable ideas, both of which interest me, one based on persona experiences, the other one that affected my State's political history in a big way (and, more important to me, my family's political persuasion). The problem is that I'm leaning toward the second idea since its remoteness makes it easier to focus one(without the debilitating emotional baggage of the first one); however, the first one is way more marketable.   Both stories are 'authentic' where I'm concerned, making my decision all the harder. I'm going to start off by working on parallel plot outlines; maybe that'll help me make up my mind.	male
I know this seems rather late to be commenting on the whole ordeal, but I find it strange that the Saudi police (who, from personal experience, I rate as being only slightly more competent that the clerks at 7-11s) managed to find the kidnappers so quickly after the killing, supposedly based on info. of a witness who watched the body being dumped, but they have no clue where the body is even now.  Secondly, I read that Johnson was married in Saudi Arabia. I wasn't aware that Christian weddings were allowed in the country. Hmm...live in a country for sixteen years and you still have no idea about it. I know a few Christian friends who held covert Sunday services, but then again they were Indian like me, and the only skin the Saudis will kowtow to is White.  Speaking of which, in all the hubbub about the seventeen people killed in Khobar, few paid attention to the fact that most of the dead were non-Westerners, Indians in fact.	male
I'm not a hard-working person by nature, and my (dubious) work ethic has suffered ever more since I discovered Harry Potter fan fiction. My addiction has gotten to the point that I spent hours trawling for stories, googling character names and pairings, and even rereading whole stories while waiting for updates.  I call this an addiction because 1. I no longer hanker for a life; I'm more than happy living      vicariously through fictional characters.  2. I 'ship' with the sort of manic intensity and obsesiveness     usually reserved for proselytizing and terrorism. My problem is that I spend so much time reading and worrying about FF that could better be used on my own work. Also, the stories are of uneven quality: the ones on SugarQuill are brilliant, but most on ff.net suck worse than my high school essays--though the ideas behind them are good, the use of language is atrocious. The worst part is that by spending so much time reading those stories rather than 'real' fiction, I've managed to pick up more than a few 'ugly English' skills that my creative writing instructor is more than happy to tear into. Every step I take forward in class , I take half a step back on my own.  Great writers learn their craft by studying the Masters; I learn mine from fan girls obsessed with Draco Malfoy. *sigh*	male
As a liberal arts major, I live up to all the stereotypes, especially the one about being a lover of theory than practicality. I've KNOWN what blogs are, browsed through a few hundred, wanted to start my own, But...The thought of actually initiating action of any kind is anathema.  Anyhoo, this is the beginning of an exciting period in my life, and I thought I'd chart it online, so I can look back on it fondly (if i succeed) and bitterly (if I fail).  I've been a writer wannabe for a long time, and have written a few short stories (I never realized what the true difficulty of my chosen career path until I tried to write a coherent, well-paced short story within a specific time period, working a certain amount of time each day--rather than wait for 'Inspiration' as was my practise). Now, I'm finally satisfied that I can turn out a story that people won't use to line their trash-cans, I'm about to start work on my first novel. I've got an idea, an image. The planning, drawing the outline etc. begins NOW... :)	male
I haven't updated this in a few days. Mostly because I've had nothing of real importance to add. I worked Friday and Saturday nights, thus eliminating any semblance of a weekend, although I did spend part of Saturday at Joe's watching the Mets/Yankees game (we must be good luck together, as they won. Every game we go to at Shea together they also win. Good things happen when me and Joe are together, I suppose). Sunday I did nothing. That I can blame solely on me choosing to be a lazy bastard.  Monday I went to the Phillies game with my friend Jeff. It was my first trip to the new ballpark, but I still had the sense that I've been there before. See, people criticised the multi-purpose stadiums like Riverfront Stadium, Veterans Stadium, and Three Rivers Stadium in the 70's. "They're cookie-cutter stadiums," people would protest. And they were right. They were built so teams could play football and baseball in the same stadium, yet were enjoyable to neither group of fans. Now the new thing is building the seperate stadiums. Football stadiums seem to all be the same. I don't think there is any difference between them whatsoever other than the name brand on the front of the stadium and the colour of the seats. Possibly the cuisine too, depending on geography. The baseball stadiums are a little better, but they still all have a similar formula. Improved sightlines and "cozier" atmosphere - Check. Super huge scoreboard - Check. Barbeque stand run by former major leaguer - Check. Major restaurant chain in left field - Check. Expanded clubhouse shop full of gimmicks for the team to sell - Check Some sort of "History of the Franchise" exhibit that the old stadium couldn't be bothered with - Check. Camden Yards started this trend, so it gets props for originality. And sure, most other fields have their own little quirks to them to make them different. But really, there isn't a huge difference between the Cit, PNC, Camden Yards, etc. Of course, those are the only three I've been to, so I'll just have to assume that the rest are like this. If I'm wrong, feel free to leave feedback for me. I have yet to receive one piece of feedback, so I have no evidence whatsoever that people are reading these. So if you're reading this, and even if I'm right on my theory that all new stadiums are the same, just let me know somebody is reading this. I am a pathetic soul, I am aware. Anyway, what's on tap for this week? Tomorrow is a "WCW" day. That stands for West Coast Wednesday. The name came because I used to go to my friend Jeff's house late at night for PS2 playing sessions, often arriving there at around 11 PM. Because they started so late, around the time West Coast baseball games would start, the name "West Coast Wednesdays" was given to the events, whether they took place on Wednesdays or not. Now, even the events that take place at 8 PM on a Thursday (as most of them have been) are called WCW. I suppose another name could be given to them, but at this point, why bother? Thursday is school and the radio show (www.wmcx.com, the link should work this week, last week we had web technical difficulties). Friday I work. Boo. Saturday I'm going to Mets/Yankees at Shea Stadium. If you're there, look for the fella wearing an authentic Ty Wigginton road grey jersey. And Sunday is the 4th of July, where I will be spending at least part of the day at work. Double boo. At some point this week, perhaps Thursday during my seven hour break between class and my radio shift (you read that right, seven hours of time to kill) I'll probably check out the new Spider-Man movie. Perhaps I'll even do a review here or on the radio. And maybe something unexpected will come up. I doubt it. Anyway, that's today's update. Hopefully better ones await.	male
Yeah, I'm not happy about working at Domino's. Anybody who knows me will not be even 1% shocked by that. I constantly bitch and moan about working at that god-forsaken place. But it's a little different this time. Well, first, I should mention that working in Morrisville continues to suck. I'm still not happy working there. So I've been trying to get back in Robbinsville, now that my issue with working there is no longer there. So I called Sam, whom I once considered to be a good pal (he used to constantly say that we were like brothers, and while I may never have reciprocated that particular feeling, I did like working with the guy and all), and he tells me that he'll call me if they need me to work there. This offended me HORRIBLY. I worked at that fucking store for six years. Most people that worked there work there for three months and quit, usually without notice, if they even last three months. I gave like seven weeks' notice that I'd be leaving, after having been the best god damned employee they ever had. I was the best driver they had. Nobody knew that area better than me, even after not having worked there in four months. I was the best manager they ever had. Every manager they had before me stole money from that place like crazy. Just about every other person that ever ran shift in that store stole money from that place. I never stole a dime. Also, during the year plus that I was manager, I raised sales unlike anybody ever had before. The previous manager, Gene, didn't give a crap about raising sales, just about working his twenty hours a week and getting out of there. I earned every dollar of my salary, working the 55 hours a week I was supposed to for my salary. With a crew that had maybe two good workers besides me, I made that store more profitable than it had ever been. I didn't ask for help, I didn't need help. I did it all basically by myself. I sacrificed my summer so we could raise sales and do good business.  Then I ask for a job and I'm told that they'll call me? They seriously should be begging me to go back. I did more for that store than everybody else that has ever worked there combined. No matter what facet of the business you're talking about, I was the best that store ever had and ever will have. They should have called me, I shouldn't have had to call them, but I was unhappy working in Morrisville. And then they say they'll call me? Don't bother, I'm not going back to Robbinsville now. Fuck that. If you don't realise what I bring to the table enough to take my offer when I make it, I have no use for you.  Now I have to look for something outside of the pizza industry (which is probably for the best, anyway) because I really don't like working in Morrisville. The whole mentality there stinks, and with me not working full-time, I doubt I can do anything to change it. Plus, I hate working with Don. He's so abrasive when it comes to dealing with employees. The way he sarcastically cuts people down and such just pisses me off. oh well, if you have any ideas as to a job I can pursue that can keep me out of these shitty pizza jobs, feel free to leave them in the comments section. Finally, I got to see Fahrenheit 9/11 the other night. I saw it Friday at 12:01 AM after my radio show went off the air (I stayed on until 11 PM, doing NBA draft coverage all night). I have to say, I enjoyed it. It was a movie targeted towards somebody like me to begin with, since I am quite liberal in my beliefs, and there wasn't a chance in hell that I'd vote for Bush. It is important to note that while watching these films like Fahrenheit 9/11, that Michael Moore has an agenda he is trying to push, in this case to get Bush out of office. As such, you have to take into account that he may fudge a fact here or there to get that agenda across. While it may be an agenda I agree with, at the same time you must consider that this is ultimately a movie that has both the purposes to entertain and teach, but mostly entertain. So if you do watch the film, keep those things in mind. And I'm babbling now, so I will call it a night. I'll probably give this another update on Sunday, as I seem to be falling into a schedule of updating every other day. We'll see how long I can keep it up, but so far it's been cathartic to write these. Until next time...fuck Domino's.	male
What the hell does that mean? It means that, while I am adding content to the blog today, nothing of note will be said. I'm warning you in advance, you can skip this one. I'm updating out of sheer boredom more than anything else. The last two days have been uneventful. I worked on Tuesday. Still don't like working in Morrisville. I tend to get out later, and plus I worked as a driver on Tuesday under this guy Don. Don used to be the manager when I worked in Robbinsville originally, then left. Then I became manager in Robbinsville years later. Now we're working together again, only I feel as though I'm much better at Don (since I'm younger and have more energy). This cannot possibly make for a good dynamic down the line. We'll see what happens. Today I had off. I spent the day avoiding my dad, who was in a grumpy mood because, according to him, my mom won't let him spend more than $3,000 on a car. My mom contends this is a fabrication. I love my dad, but sometimes he imagines things in his head that simply are not so. Then he spends hour upon hour moping about them. I got out of the house, went window shopping for a while, then inexplicably bought a PC version of Monopoly at Best Buy for $10. Hey, I loved playing Monopoly as a child, and $10 is pretty cheap. I went to Subway today and bought a Grapeade just to see if the world's most attractive sandwich artist still worked there. She does, but she looked younger than I previously remembered, like fifteenish. Oh well, no more random Grapeade purchases there. I also got a haircut. I'm the kind of lazy bastard that gets about four haircuts a year. It's my opinion that I should grow my hair out to a reasonable legnth before going to the trouble of cutting it. Plus, I'm cheap. I then came home and listened to my dad bitch and moan about this and that for a few hours before he went to bed. Then I played some Monopoly (I have no life, remember, my friends never want to do anything) and updated this. Tomorrow should be an interesting day. Well, at least more interesting than today. I have a 2:45 PM appointment with my Senior Seminar professor. In lieu of classes, the class is meeting with her one-on-one. We will be discussing my progress on our big paper, or lack thereof. Actually, I will pretend I'm making progress on said paper and hope she doesn't realise that I'm full of shit. Then at 6 PM that night, that's when the magic happens. The Cox Show will beam out to listeners in the Monmouth and Ocean county areas in New Jersey, and live on the internet at www.wmcx.com. This week, I plan on discussing who I feel should be the new PA announcer for the New Jersey Nets, my usual unusual takes on weather and traffic, somewhat-live NBA draft coverage...and definitely, DEFINITELY more Chingy. After that, I may try to kill three more hours (or just stay on the radio, as nobody comes on after me and I doubt anybody would notice or care that I'm staying on the air) and see a 12:01 showing of Fahrenheit 9/11 at Monmouth Mall. It looks like it will be at least an interesting movie and I look forward to seeing it. I guess I got some mileage out of this after all. I'm starting to get the hang of this and I think I'm starting to like it. Which means I will now not update for like three weeks. But maybe not, so check back again later this week. I have no current weekend plans (I work Friday and Saturday nights, and Sunday I'm off with nothing to do) so we'll see if I get a weekend update (but NOT with fake news, sadly) in there. Until then, you keep it real, holmes.	male
Yes, my friends, we've got a second update in less than three days. Isn't that amazing? It took a month for me to update the last one I had, and then I never updated it again. The new format helps. I think blocking Chrispy has helped too, because instead of endlessly mocking the sorry son of a bitch, I think of other things to do, like update this. Well, not a lot has happened since the last update. I worked on Sunday. I needed a quick summer job, so I decided to work at a Domino's Pizza in Morrisville, PA. I used to manage a Domino's in Robbinsville, NJ, but I left last winter for a myriad of reasons, one of which was because I took an 18 credit workload this past semester, including a 15 hour a week internship at SportsRadio 610 WIP in Philadelphia. The other reason is kind of personal, maybe I'll go into detail about it one day, but don't get your hopes up on that one. Let's just say it didn't leave me wanting to go back and leave it at that. Anyway, one of my friends who used to run Robbinsville (Gene from the last update) now works in Morrisville and invited me to work there with him, and since I wouldn't have to deal with my Robbinsville problems, I accepted. Now, I'm not so sure I should have. The people there are nice, but I kind of feel like a subsitute teacher when I'm there as opposed to somebody who's in charge. In Robbinsville, I was the man, but in Morrisville, I'm really just a fill-in. I don't know, maybe it will get better. Now for today's rant. I've been reading "The Bad Guys Won," an account of the 1986 New York Mets and the trials and tribulations they had in winning the World Series. A good portion of the book talks about Darryl Strawberry and Dwight Gooden. When I was 10 years old, there were few athletes I admired in the world more than Darryl Strawberry. Gary Carter may have been the only one. I remember feeling just horrible when he signed with the Dodgers in '90. I felt let down by one of my heroes. With Carter, it wasn't the same because he was really coming up on the end of his career by then. Darryl was entering his prime, and he and the Mets had gone through so much together, and it seemed like there should have been more chapters in that story. In retrospect, it may not have been a bad thing that he left, because he ended up self-destructing, which was truly a shame. But, when I think of a lot of my sports heroes from when I was younger...Darryl Strawberry was right there near the top of the list. So was Dwight Gooden. In fact, still to this day, a framed poster of Dwight Gooden from the mid-80's hangs in my room, more because I'm too lazy to take it down than anything. But I remember using my birthday money to buy that when I was a youngster, which meant a lot because when I was 11 or 12, I just didn't have a lot of money. Then Doc started having his troubles with drugs, which is human. I can't fault him for that, I guess. Then I grew older, Doc lost whatever athletic magic he may have once held, and he left the team, throwing a no-hitter for the Yankees in '95.  He's had his ups and downs, but he's seemingly been in better shape over the last few years than Darryl. Still, here was another sports hero that turned out to be something less than I hoped. Not all of my sports heroes were baseball players. I remember thinking that when the Nets drafted Derrick Coleman, that he was going to be the saviour of the franchise. DC had so many athletic gifts. If ability alone determined greatness, Derrick Coleman could have been the best power forward of all time. The next year, the Nets drafted Kenny Anderson, forming a 1-2 punch that should have carried them throughout the 90's. Drazen Petrovic was also around to nail down the three's and provide scoring. I even liked Chris Morris. They made the playoffs for the first time under Chuck Daly, then the following year contended with the hated Knicks for the Atlantic Division. Only John Starks cheating and breaking Kenny Anderson's wrist (I still to this day hate him for this) cost them that division. Everything was going to be okay. Then, everything wasn't okay. First, Petro died in the car crash. Then they drafted Yinka Dare. Then Chuck Daly left. Enter Butch Beard. Beard ended up not being able to control Kenny Anderson and Derrick Coleman. DC had such a horrible attitude, he was traded so the Nets could draft Shawn Bradley. Then Kenny Anderson was traded. It was awful, the team just self-destructed. And through the years, DC and Kenny never really found their form from when they first came into the league. DC wound up being one of the worst clubhouse influences of all time. His attitude withered away what could have been amazing game. Same with Kenny Anderson. The point of all of this? All of my athletic heroes wound up sucking and sucking hard. Sometimes it was due to addictions, sometimes it was just because they didn't give a crap, but in the end, none of them were the heroes I thought them to be. And that's the moral to this story. If you're a kid, don't idolise athletes. They are human and infallible just like anybody else. Don't idolise anybody, really. We all have our flaws as humans. Just aspire to be the best person you can be day in and day out. But if you do have to idolise somebody, don't idolise athletes. Just because they have the skill to hit the ball hard, or to sink the impossible three pointer, or to throw a pinpoint pass in traffic to a wide receiver, does not mean they are a good person. Respect their athletic abilities, root for the players on your favourite team as hard as you can, but don't idolise them. Do your best to seperate the person they are on the field from the person they are off of it. They are, just like you, only human. That was long. Next one won't be so long, I promise.	male
Okay, well...I tried doing a blog and I didn't update it too much. Probably because I've been busy. Okay, that's a blatant lie, I'm just a lazy bastard. But maybe without me having to go through the trouble of designing anything, blogging will be easier. We'll see what happens. So what's been going on? Well, last I left you was the winter. I finished my spring semester at Monmouth strong, pulling in two A's, an A-, and three B+'s, finishing with a 3.6 GPA. I'm just that bad ass. Yes, I am aware that calling yourself a "bad ass" in an internet blog for having a strong GPA probably isn't actually that bad ass. But, I'm just that weird. What else has been going on...well, I'm still single. Don't see that one changing anytime soon. I met a girl I really liked in one of my classes, and for once I didn't hide or anything. I actually went up and talked to her, ate lunch with her once, talked to her outside of class. These all seem like perfectly normal things that people do on a daily basis, but they represent progress for me because I am just terrible in social situations. I don't know why, I just am. It's why I have a small group of friends, and why I've never really had a steady girlfriend. I am as socially inept a motherfucker as you'll ever find. Even among my friends...I have two friends I'd consider really good, close friends (Travis and Joe). I have two other friends who I'm somewhat close to, but feel as though I may be drifting apart from, for whatever reason (Grim and Jeff, neither of whom I see as often as I used to). I have two other "friends" whom I can't stand (Brandon and Chrispy). I have my two online friends whom I've never met (MJD and Ryan). All of my friends seem to be in pairs, that's weird. And I have Gene, my work friend who doesn't have a pair to match up with, whom I don't see that often anymore. That's it. And I suck at meeting new people. Which leads to nights like tonight. Tonight was a Saturday night. I stayed home and watched an SNL repeat with Donald Trump. The reason? Well, Joe's married and has real world responsibilities (he's a school teacher, and this is his busy time of the month). Travis lives an hour away. Jeff is in Indiana for some reason. Grim...well, I really don't hear from Grim too often anymore (other than last weekend). Brandon and Chrispy are perfectly content to never do anything with anybody, and just sit around all night on AOL Instant Messanger while playing stupid online video war simulators.  On a tangent...let me just say that those online war simulators make me sick. These guys are sitting around killing people on their little computer screens while people are dying out in Iraq every day. Not just soliders, but innocent civilians whose only violation was living in Iraq. We are in Iraq, fighting a war we have no business fighting, killing innocent civilians and other human beings. For what reason? So stupid ass Bush can get himself reelected. I feel bad for the families who have lost their sons, their daughters, their husbands, their wives, their fathers, their mothers...both Iraqi and American. This shouldn't be happening right now. And meanwhile, people are sitting on their fat asses, eating Cheetos and drinking Pepsi and simulating killing these same people. What the fuck? Anyway, back off the tangent. Brandon and Chrispy don't hang out, ever. So they're out. MJD and Ryan, they live far away. And Gene is also married, although he hangs out with his buddies all the time anyway, but I don't seem to be in that group. So that leaves ol' Cox sitting at home watching TV, using the computer (because there's nothing on TV on Saturday nights because most people are out doing stuff) and wondering where everything went wrong. I asked for a weekend day off a week from work specifically so I could hang out, and I never hang out. That makes no sense.  Oh well, that's my frustration for tonight. Maybe with this easy format to submit entries, I'll update this often. Who knows. Oh, and...time for a plug. If you're in Monmouth or Ocean county, New Jersey...on Thursdays from 6-9 PM I am on the X, 88.9 FM, Monmouth University's college radio station. My shows usually range from the "comically awful," to "wow, I think I may have actually made sense for about thirty seconds there." If you don't live in those counties, you can listen live on the internet by going to www.wmcx.com or by clicking on the link over there. That's all for now, take care. I will update again later this week, as needed.	male
:(        :(        :(	male
I haven't posted an update in ten days! God, I'm lazy. Let's see...  My cat is dying. This kind of sucks hard. Little Girl has been a part of my family since I was six or seven years old. She's been with us as long as I can remember. She's over twenty years old, and this is probably to be expected...still, I hate seeing her in pain, but I don't want to see her go. I'll miss petting her, scratching behind her ear when she's looking for affection. I'll even miss when she jumps on my lap when I'm not expecting it and rips up a new pair of shorts I'm wearing. It will be hard adjusting to life without her. I'm not normally a spiritual person, but I hope for her sake that if there is such a thing as an afterlife, that she's well taken care of. If there isn't, then I can only hope to provide her last moments of life on this Earth with as much love and care as I possibly can.  Okay, that's our sentimental portion of today's blog update. Now, on to other updates.  Still haven't gotten my paper back in Senior Seminar, meaning I'll have only a week to rewrite. This is bad, because my paper is a steaming pile of shit (unless Professor Schmidt happens to be reading this. In that case, it's the greatest paper of all time). Today I handed in a portfolio that was only slightly better. The work inside the portfolio was top notch. My resume is damn sharp, and when I get done with my page update, I'm going to post it on there for one and all to see, because it is a work of art. And I designed it! Me, mister no artistic vision whatsoever, made a damn beautiful resume. Unfortunately, the work around the resume was just kind of haphazardously thrown in there. One out of my three references wasn't asked recently to be a reference (unless Dr. Schmidt is reading this, in that case...every reference was asked and checked and there are no problems to report!). Now coming up we have to do a final presentation of everything we've learned in our years at Monmouth. This should be interesting, because we're supposed to be split up into groups, and I don't know who is in my group, because I missed class today. Note to self...don't miss class during introduction of group members. I'm sure this will resolve itself, because I'm the master of landing on my feet in situations similar to this.  My radio show is going well. So far, I haven't been thrown off the air. That's a plus. My Thursday shift has been concentrating more about talking about music of late, because none of my friends listen to this shift, so I make an attempt to actually keep the listeners who tune in. And finally, we got the Sunday situation figured out. I finally ran into the WMCX PD today, and he said he'd make sure I'm on the list this week and in future weeks so I can do my show from the WMCX studios on the campus of Monmouth University. Yay. I really do enjoy doing these shows, it's one of my highlights of the week. Editing my tapes down to only five minutes or so will be tough, but I think I can get some good stuff on there. And please, if you have the ability to listen, go to the link above and listen to my shows Thursday from 12-3 and Sunday from 3-6.  Let's see, what else...the Nets ripped my heart out. Fucking Bruce Ratner. 40% of a starting lineup that went to the fucking finals two out of the last three years...gone. Fuck you, Ratner. John Franco sucks. Hang it up, old man. You've got nothing left but your pride, and with every despicable outing you throw, you lose a piece of that too. Wiggy might be traded...that would also ruin my day. Ty Wigginton is my favourite Mets player, and I'm not ashamed to admit it. If he goes to the Pirates, I will not be amused. I think those are my sports beefs this week.  Things are also shaping up for my graduation party. The invites have been sent out, and most of the people I'd expect to be there have said that they can make it. Hopefully, I'll hear from a few others as well. This is going to be a good ol' time. I've never had anything thrown in my honour before, mostly because I've never done anything honourable. Graduating college in seven years still doesn't seem very honourable to me, but it should still be an awesome time. The party will be at my aunt and uncle's, so there will be plenty of room to commisserate, play games, some swimming...even for Joe's planned Commencement Ceremony, to take place in my aunt's backyard. I can hardly wait.  Maybe the reason I don't update this so much is because I put too much in one update! I'm going to try to make some shorter updates more often. In the meantime, please leave feedback so I know people read this. My cat is crying, so I'm gonna go make sure she's okay. In the meantime, you take care, youngster.	male
Of course, by "y'all," I mean "nobody," as in "nobody reads this." Nobody left any feedback for me as far as Saturday night ideas go, so I wound up going to the ROH show by myself. At the risk of sounding like an ROH fanboy (which I am not, though I do enjoy watching some of their product) I really enjoyed the main show. Doug Williams is a fantastic wrestler, and really needs to get his due. His matches, first the four way match with Jay Lethal, John Walters, and Nigel McGuinness, then the Pure Wrestling title match later in the show with Alex Shelley, were both fantastic. I really liked his exchanges with Nigel. Since they both work British style, it looks so much different from the styles that everybody else wrestles that it looks unique and is fun to watch. Certainly it's better than watching everybody work WWE style in that company, not that the style doesn't have its strong points, but when everybody wrestles the same style, it gets kind of boring after a while, not to mention the fact that some people aren't as good working that style as they would be another style. Then you have people like Randy Orton, who would suck no matter what style they work. :)  (That was a shout out to my man Jeff, who isn't reading this, because he hasn't read any of these blog items, but he loves Randy Orton for some reason even though he sucks).  So that was what I did on Saturday. What else have I done lately? Well, I was supposed to audition for Who Wants to be a Millionaire tomorrow, but they never sent me the paperwork so I'm not going to bother. I'll probably hang out with Jeff at his apartment instead. I bought him an Andy Pettitte action figure in between shows on Saturday at the Toys R Us, so he has that to look forward to. School is fairly easy this week, as all I have is a brief meeting with my professor sometime Thursday afternoon, then I do my show from 12-3 PM EST. Then I go home and I'll be home in time for dinner, which will be nice. I work four days this week, as I'm going broke and need the money. If anybody wants to give me money, feel free.  Also my parents and I have been planning my graduation party. They're assuming I'm going to graduate in August (as am I, I would be shocked at this point if I didn't). Just the usual stuff, inviting friends and family, planning out what to eat. As long as I have burgers, my dad's sausage and peppers, my mom's potato salad, some shrimp, and a good dessert, I'll be happy. I'm easy to please, what can I say. Anyway, that's all for now. Look for an update and a slight overhaul to the main Cox's Corner page at www.coxscorner.org soon, perhaps tomorrow. I want to add some things to the layout, perhaps move some things around, make it more interesting. We'll see what happens.	male
And that doesn't make me a bad person. No, things have been not a lot hectic, just a little hectic. Last week, I had a twelve page paper due for my one summer class. I have no doubt in my mind that it sucked, but I have the option to rewrite it, and I will do so. I was just trying to get it complete instead of putting forth my best possible effort, knowing I'd be given a rewrite option, so I didn't give it the full college try (which you think I would, considering I'm in college and all, but...that's another story). I've had my radio show, which has had its ups and downs. We had Grim in studio two weeks ago, and he added a different dimension that the show didn't have before. We'll see if he makes any other appearances. I'd wager he would, but he didn't make it last week and I've been unable to contact him for this week, so we'll see. By the way, if you read this and want to listen, my timeslot was moved to 12-3 on Thursdays. In addition, I have added a Sunday shift as well from 3-6 PM, if I can get access to the building this week. Last week, I went to do my show and couldn't get into the building. Not having been given instructions on how to get in when the building is closed, I didn't know what to do so I went home. Hopefully, we'll have that issue cleared up for this weekend. Let's see, what else...my 4th of July weekend kinda sucked. I didn't do anything. I've been working some. Work hasn't gotten much better, but I'm kind of learning to deal with it. Other than the paper and the radio show, nothing of importance to note about school. Home life has been weird. My dad has been having issues of late. I hope he isn't drinking again, but I'm not so sure. For some reason, he isn't home tonight. I just got home from work, so I have no idea if he and my mom had a fight or whatever, but he definitely is not home. Before I left for work, he was ragging about this and that. I think he might have started drinking frequently again, but I can't prove it. I really hope I'm wrong. Weekend plans? I'm trying to talk Jeff into going to the Ring of Honor show in Elizabeth, but I'm not sure he's buying that. Grim probably won't go either, so I wouldn't be surprised if I went by myself. Ugh. Going to independent wrestling shows on a Saturday night by yourself = Bad. Going to ROH shows, with ROH fans filling the building pretending matches are Match of the Year candidates when they clearly aren't by yourself = Really bad. Still, I have nothing else to do, and I don't want to spend it at home, and Jeff wants to go to 3PW, and they suck, so ROH is likely what is in store for me. May God have mercy on my soul. That's all for now. Nobody left any feedback for the last blog item, so I'm assuming that I'm writing these all for myself. I can deal with that. That means I can bury more people. But I will ask this in my blog tonight. Can anybody think of a more constructive way for me to spend my Saturday evening, keeping in mind that most of my friends will likely not want to do anything and that no matter what, I'm spending it by myself? If you can and I like the idea, I may just use it and give you credit in the next blog update. But I doubt anybody will respond to this, so...touche. Word out.	male
Well, my 25th birthday has ended. I'd say I had a fun day. It started at my friend Joe's house, where we got Subway and Coldstone Creamery ice cream (my GOD, is that stuff friggin' awesome), then sat around and played video games. After that, I drove over to my friend Travis', where we went to Friendly's for dinner and had more ice cream. I am a fat, fat man on this day. After which, we watched a few innings of the Mets game, then I left him so he could pack (he's going away on a trip on Sunday), so I went over to my friend Jeff's house, where I dropped off McFarlane figures for him and we watched part of the opening ceremonies of the two week celebration of my birthday, aka the Olympics. I spent most of the day out doing things, which was a nice change of pace from what I normally do, which is nothing. Most of those things were eating, and right now, I am feeling severely overweight. If I was the type to exercise, I would be spending an extra twenty minutes on the treadmill or stationary bike tomorrow, but alas. Instead, I'll be working. It's been nice to be away from work for three days, but I'm broke, so...oh well. I finished school on Thursday, too, making this a great week. I got an A on my portfolio, then stood up and pretended I was part of a group presentation on how to produce a radio commercial. I've never really found myself to be the teaching type, so I kind of stood in the background and made wry observations every now and then. I managed to get an A for Senior Seminar, which leads me to believe that Professor Schmidt was taking this class about as seriously as I was. Thus ends my return to Monmouth, which has to be considered a total success. I started there in Fall of '97, and went there for two years. A D in psychology caused me to lose my academic scholarship, since i needed to maintain a 3.0 GPA (and my GPA topped out at 2.95), so I went to TCNJ. I failed out of there because I was burned out. After a year off and a year at a local community college, I went back to Monmouth, where I wound up with six A's, an A-, four B+'s, and a B-. Not too bad, considering how lousy things had been for me at TCNJ. Now, with the schooling out of the way, comes the hard part: finding a job in the radio industry, and not in the pizza industry. I'm working on that one. Two weeks from my graduation party, and I can't wait. I've never even had so much as a birthday party before, so it's exciting to have something in my honour. It should be a fun time, and another excuse to eat like a slovenly beast of a man. More updates to come, so keep it here, yo. And through August, you can still listen to my radio show at www.wmcx.com on Thursdays from 12-3 and Sundays from 3-6, so please tune in and send me feedback.	male
Word. Not a lot to report this week. I got my paper back in Seminar, and I got a 95. I didn't expect that. I think the reason I got a good grade is because my teacher didn't feel like grading rewrites. Seriously. Everybody in the class seemed to get an A or a B on the paper. Oh well, I'm not going to complain. An A is an A. Even if I gave a C effort on it, I'll take the A. Let's see, what else...Little Girl is still wildly missed. It's the weird times where I miss her, like when I'm grabbing a cucumber out of the refridgerator, I almost expect her to come limping by to say hello. It's weird, how I notice the little things. My parents are talking of getting another pet, which is an about face to how they have felt over the years. It used to be that whenever Little Girl left us, we'd have no more pets, but I guess they realise how much they miss having a pet in the house. They are worried, though, that if we get another cat, it will run out into the street. See, Big Guy (our old cat) and Little Girl used to run out into the street a lot. Big Guy got hit by a car and unfortunately died. Little Girl got hit by a car, hid in the woods for two or three weeks, then came back one day limping like crazy with a hunk of skin missing from her leg. While she eventually nursed herself back to health (because she was a tough cat), she never played in the street again. My parents are afraid that if we do get another pet, the only way it will learn not to play in the street is if it gets hurt, and they don't want that to happen. So we'll see. On the social front, nothing new to talk about. I still don't really hear from Grim too often anymore. I'm beginning to think I'm probably not going to see him too much anymore. This Friday is my birthday, and I'm going to spend it hanging with my friend Travis and maybe my friend Joe. Hopefully not too many alcoholic drinks will be consumed. :) Then in just over two weeks, my graduation party will be the end of summer. It's weird. Normally, the end of summer has meant the beginning of school. This year, the end of summer will be the end of school. And I mean, the end. I'm graduating. It's weird, though I am considering grad school. We shall see. And that does it for this update. Please tune in to www.wmcx.com on Thursday from 12-3 PM and Sunday from 3-6 PM for my radio show, and other than that, take care, whomever you are. Even if Tanya is still the only person reading this. :)	male
I'm going to ask Blogger if I have the least visited blog in the history of existance. I don't think anybody ever goes here. But I post for you anyway. Even if you don't exist. Maybe you is me. I dunno. Today's update: Little Girl is still wildly missed around the house. She was in her own way such an important part of the house, and I really miss her a lot. It's not the same without her. It's difficult adjusting when something has been a part of your life for almost twenty years, and all of a sudden it's just...gone. And not coming back. Divorce must be ten times worse. I'm never getting divorced. Children leaving the house or dying must be a hundred times worse. I'm never having kids. Then again, sometimes I think those things aren't happening whether I want them to or not... Anyway, other things. The Benson and Zambrano trades are looking like unmigated disasters. Bruce Ratner is still a douchebag. I hope David Stern makes him sell the team back. Work still sucks, but hopefully I only have a few more weeks of working at Domino's. Radio show went well today. Hopefully we can get some guests in there so I can interact with somebody.  With me being unable to take phone calls, I think it really takes away from the atmosphere of trying to do a talk radio program. I, Robot was pretty good. Harold and Kumar was pretty mediocre. And I think that will do it. Take care, invisible blog reader.	male
testing	male
This is my first entry of my new blog. Kind of fun, yet mysterious. Im excited to start doing this...	male
I went to two open mics in New York City today. The first was at the New York Comedy Club. I did 5 minutes in front of 5 people. It made my soul weep. I didn't even do too badly, but the sadness I felt emanating from the other comics in that shoebox of a room was almost unbearable. Good thing I got drunk later on in the night. Then I did 5 minutes in front of about 10 people at a place called the village lantern. Not as depressing, enjoyable almost, except for the fact that not every comic did a joke about how many gay people live in the village. That would have made the night even more filled with giggles. Good thing I got drunk later on in the night. I finished off my day by going to see a late show at the Comedy Cellar. Jim Norton and Dov Davidoff were funny, but that was about it. Sitting in that club seeing how the audience almost lost their fucking minds laughing and applauding for jokes ranging from "Did you ever notice that titties..." to "The thing about titties is..." made me want to kill everyone around me and then show up at the presinct to admit that I did it. Good thing I'm drunk right now.	male
If you are a ruling body, the best way to convince the general public that you’re devoted to increasing their happiness, wellbeing and strength of voice is to identify the problem that you intentionally created for them (a problem that you are continuing to support), rebuke them for falling to this shameful level of behavior in response, and offer a completely acceptable (to your own interests) remedy for such actions. That’s why we hear so much about voter apathy and indifference in the United States and how horrible it is that people don’t exercise their right to have a say in political affairs. Once this sorry situation has been identified, media, business and the like begin a campaign to motivate the population to head for the polls as often as possible so as to support one or another candidate that is acceptable to the current power establishment. As long as you are “involved” in the system in this way, you will be encouraged to believe that you are fulfilling your duty to your country, yourself and your fellow man by expressing your ideas and opinions about which self proclaimed intelligent and capable person that represents the same basic interests should be in charge of directing policy. However, if one were to be so crazy as to seek organization outside of the major political organizations and attempt to have more direct control over the decisions that shape his or her life, control that might undermine elite domination, one would discover that the flood of encouragement quickly diminishes and eventually devolves into pressure aimed at forcing a return to the previously prescribed modes of behavior. The illusion of participation through ballot casting is meant to coax the citizenry into perceiving that they do influence the direction that they and their nation are moving in meaningful ways, through nothing more than choosing between nearly identical (more or less) white, wealthy males who obviously don’t conduct their business with the general good in mind. This mirage is strengthened in no small part by lack of discussion in any mainstream arena addressing possible alternatives for public influence on governmental activity.	male
I've been watching more and more television lately since my teaching job ended on the 16th. I've been getting fatter, more angry at journalism and more sure that I really like Che Guevera. So my friend helped me to start a blog. I thought it would give me something to do that would make me fatter and increase my love of Che, but at the same time keep me away from the news. So far, so good. Thanks.	male
I am trying to make this weblog live and not be inanimate. If this works, we will have not done anything worth while.	male
Hey everyone. I am in Brugge, Belgium. I have been eating mussels and fries with mayonaise and drinking way too much beer. It it great. I have also realized that I don't like the USA. No offense, I understand that everyone thinks it is the best country ever, and that's cool. But it's not. Sorry. If anyone wants to have a dialogue about why I am being so blasphemous, let me know. My email address is urlLink guru3522@yahoo.com . Eat a dick, and I love you.	male
I did a set at Porky's tonight, my friend Jamie Kilstein got me a job. I liked it a lot, it was a challenge. I did like 10 minutes and did much better than I supposed I would. I performed in front of like 15 people and 5 comics, which aren't really people anyway. I got a good reaction and realized that it wasn't just because of the way I have altered the words I use, but more due to the delivery. I am learning about how to do comedy more and more every day, and am, for the first time, proud of what I am doing as a comic. So come check me out at the Stress Factory on Church Street in New Brunswick every Wednesday night at 8:00. It's an open mic, but it is only 5$, so fucking come. Thanks.	male
Well, I have a blog that I don't think anyone has read. But, as I have said before, I am doing this for myself as much as for an audience. I have problems. But so do you. I just get off on admitting it and trying to deal. You enjoy, well, not "enjoy", but you survive by supressing all of the negative things you run through your mind, or that your mind runs through you, because you are even more afraid than I am. Every time I collapse into a horrible, self-identifying, esteem problem riddled mindset, I remember you. And I don't feel better, I just feel welcomed.	male
I love everyone, and no I am not on ecstacy. But, I must add to that thought, I hate everyone as well. I love what I believe to be slumbering inside all human beings, but detest what they do with it. I know many people who have realized that they are intelligent. I believe that I am as well. But most of the folks that have noticed that they have more knowledge of the world around them want to use that knowledge to force others to agree with them. I think that it would be better to lift the fetters that those people place on others and allow them to make decisions on their own. But that is why I will never do anything with my time on this plane. I'll keep trying, because I am a masochist. I think I will not even make a dent, but at least I am not filled only with hate...I have love as well. Fuck you.	male
I've been watching the incorporation of Edwards into the new Democartic machine today. And I see whay they did it, especially over Hillary Clinton. There were rumors around that indicated that Hillary was a contender for VP. But she had a vagina, so she was out. If she had a penis, we might have had Kerry/Clinton. I have the opinion that everyone that a person likes in politics employs the same methods and has many of the same flaws as a person that they hate. So for all of the deomcrats that hate Bush, and I hate him too, but for all those dems, the people that they preach about and think have a new voice and direction for America, they suck too. I personally believe, and this is backed up through conversations with many people involved in politics, I believe that if you aren't a bigwig but still back a candidate, you are doing it for one or more of the following 3 reasons. Reason number 1; you're looking for power. If you want to enter the system and have enough intelligence/determination/lack of human companionship, then you'll back someone and be a good lapdog. If that person is victorious, you're home free. Second reason, you are a person that can never succeed like they can, and want to be a part of their comet. Most people that I have met involved with political campaigns could never be what they will always hope to be, which is someone in a dominant position. Sure, they can dominate any subordinates they are lucky enough to watch over, but that's it. Charismatic and strong people run for office and those who can never do the same support them. Last reason, these people truly believe that the person they are backing is a good man/woman (but who are we kidding), and that their support will make the world a better place. Only problem is that the world will never become a better place when the only way to jump into the ultimate power seat is to make everyone like you through mistruths and manipulation. God Bless America.	male
I believe that sex is one of the most basic impulses we have, and unfortunately one of the most difficult to deal with in the modern world, depending on where you live. Here in the US it is repressed, even in the most sexually free people. Women seem to be even more into it than men, but the trick is bringing it out in them. I used to say that I wish people would have more orgies, but now that I realize that many attractive people do, I just want Vanessa and I to be invited. At least I have dreams.	male
Hey. I'm drunk. I am glad I have this place to write when I am drunk that other people might see when I don't have to actually show them. So how about the news. Doesn't it make you want to eat lye? I read the beginning of O'Reilly's book tonight while I was smoking. He says that if you drink a lot or smoke crack (because they are the same things) that you shouldn't have his book. He actually says, although jokingly, that if you are in any of the preceeding categories you probably stole the book and should give it back. I have done lots of acid, and I am reading his book. And I watch his show every night, although I make sure not to buy any of the products advertised during the broadcast so that the purpose of the show doesn't snatch me. I don't know whether or not he actually believes what he says. I don't know what is worse. It's the same way I feel when I listen to preachers on TV at 2 am. I am not sure what is more reprehensible, believing in greedy nonsense or pretending to so you can make a buck or get some fame. Oh well.	male
urlLink   Metal detectors; they are freakin' everywhere. Metal detectors have to be, quite possibly, the stupidest security measure in existence today. Do you know when metal detectors were useful? The day they came out. Do you know when metal detectors became useless? The day after that.  Do the security folks seriously think that the only materials that can be used to make weapons are metals? What is even stupider is that not even all metals set the thing off….I’ll be damned if I know which ones do and which ones don’t, but if I was a bad guy, I would probably find out.  The point of all this is not to expose the metal detector as a useless piece of junk (which it pretty much is), but rather to expose a fundamental principle of the “War on Terror” or more generally the “War on preventing someone from doing something really mean if they really want to do it bad enough.” Just as viruses, other infectious agents, and other illnesses manage to keep finding a way to make us sick despite our best medical attempts to stop them, terrorists, assholes, and crazies will always find a way to do mean things. They will dodge the metal detector as HIV dodges Retrovir(R); they will hide in the shadows of our country as a tumor hides in the shadow of an MRI.  All of this may sound a bit defeatist. I am not saying that we cannot stop terror attacks any more than I would ever say that we could not find a cure for HIV. They will build up our country’s immune system by repeatedly testing our defenses. If we are lucky, 9/11 was the vaccine that will cure the disease; hopefully, we will not need a booster shot. urlLink	male
urlLink  Standing outside their trailor at Paradise Acres, the members of Whitesnake think, "Maybe we shouldn't have gone again on our own...damn." urlLink	male
urlLink   This week's Weekly Brock will focus ona good friend and ex-roommate of mine, Tim M.--known betterto the world as Timmy Romance. As I did with Brock,I did a modicum of research to dig up fun things from Timmy's history...I found some stuff...but I will first do the comparison that has becomethe hallmark of the Weekly Brock ; the comparison in which I point outthe subject's strong points and my comparitiveweaknesses.  Let me first say that I have an outstanding credit rating; there is one simple reason for this fact, Timmy; were it not for Mr. Romance who handled finances (and not begrudgingly)for the entire apartment throughout my undergraduate career, I wouldcertainly behiding from creditors and cable men inMexico. I can also say that I have been pressing my luck with creditors ever since Tim and I graduated and I had to 'learn to write checks' and 'havebank accounts' and 'pay bills.' I have learnedabout such entertaining things as 'bouncing checks' and rememberingPIN numbers' and 'making deposits'. So the first tally is: Timmy: Good with money. Ted: Sucks with money.  I also learned a lot about women fromTim. He has an exceptional ability to 'not give a crap' or 'not put up with whiny chicks'. (It is important to note that Tim's ability to do this is nowhere near Brock's ability to do so, which borders on pathological--Brock once dated a girl for like nine months and then just stopped calling her. Why? Quote: 'I dunno, she wasn't that cool.') So consequently, Timmy is better at sustaining relationships that I. For example, our next tally: Number of failed engagements: Timmy: 0 Ted:1  The final comparison I will make is in overall coolness. This topic was subject for debate when Tim, Christian, and I lived at Ghettoridge 3C. The easiest way to identify who was cooler was to look at our music collections. Tim's collection included: Monsters of Rock Vols. 1-10, Monster Ballads Vols. 1-10, Ozzie Osbourne Live and Loud, GNR, Whitesnake (pictured above), and various other hardcore bands. Timmy could oft be cajoled into performing an intoxicated and shirtless version of 'Here I go Again'...a 3C favorite. My collection, however, included Sarah McLachlan, Jewel, Hanson, and various other non-hardcore artists...and as everyone knows thanks to Jack Black,'you're not hardcore (no you're not hardcore), unless you live hardcore (unless you live hardcore)'. So our final tally: Do you livehardcore? Timmy: Yes Ted: No Do you need more proof of Tim's hardcore status? That is where my research comes in. The underlying links prove two things: 1) Timmy was on the Honor Roll in College; and 2) Timmy got busted for public intox. Work hard, Play Hard...the Mantraof Timmy Romance! 1) urlLink http://news.siu.edu/news/June00/060800p0093.html 2) urlLink http://www.dailyegyptian.com/Summer00/07-14-00/blotter.html  urlLink	male
So I just bought an IPod...Why? Not Sure. For about a year's salary in many regions of the world,I purchased a digital music player capable of playing songs from 1) my CD collection, 2) songs purchased from download sites, and 3) songs "borrowed" from the fine users of internet file-sharing sites. Also, lest I be caught at some point in my life without immediate access to the 1994Live-at-Soldier Field version of 'Black Muddy River' by the Grateful Dead, I opted for the 40Gb(10,000 song version) as opposed to the measely 20Gb(5,000) song version. Thus I have joined the elite ranks of the 3 million other IPod users.  Why am I such a slave to the consumer culture? Is this IPod really something I need? Apparently so. Is it that I need 10,000 songs at my fingertips, or do I need theIPod status symbol that says, 'Hey, look at me, I have enough flexible income to buy something clearly excessive both in price and functionality?'Maybe I am just doing my part to 'keep the economy rolling.' No, thats not it. To put it in perspective, lets see what else I could have done with my $389.94 (aftergovernment discount and tax):  1) Purchased approximately 30 cases of beer and provided an excellent party for my friends who mean more to me than anything (even music).  2) Supported102 starvingchildren for 1 month each ($0.23 per day) throughthe Feed the Children Foundation.  3) Purchased 1/3000th of a$1.2 million 'smart-bomb' used to 'defeat the evil-doers' and'destroy haters of freedom'...and everyone knows, ILOVE freedom.  4) Donated the money to the presidential campaign of my choice...or similarly, just thrown it in the trash...this election is particularlydifficult for me--I have problems with Bush (for obvious reasons),but I also have problemswith the Kerry/Edwards ticket (as Edwards is a former malpractice lawyer).   As it stands, I amambivalent about the purchase. Perhaps, I can make myself feel better by saying, 'Although I chose to spend my money on the IPod, everyone else should take the money they would have spent on the IPod and use it instead for one of the above four options.'Ah, hippocracy, always a friend of guilt. But, I really, really love music. Ah, rationalization, another of guilt's allies. Damned moral compass. urlLink	male
urlLink   Beer has so many uses. And that is fine because beer is not a life-force--you may use it and abuse it without any regard for its well being. Save excessive and blatant spilling, there is no alcohol abuse. Sweet little puppies, on the otherhand, arealive and have a moral worth; therefore, if we apply Kantian ethics, sweet little puppies should not be used simply as a means to an end. Unfortunately, even today, in our 'civilized' society, people are everyday trampling the moral rights of sweet little puppies. A travesty.   So who are these wretched soulswhotake advantage of sweet little puppies? I will tell you--people who use sweet little puppies to pick upwomen. An Abomination. Lets run through the typical day in the life of a sweet littlepuppy abuser (we'll call him D'Artagnan):  D'Artagnan wakes upandrolls out of the bed of anunknown woman hepicked up at the park on the previous day. He tosses his sleeveless shirt on, grabs the woman's spare change, and proceeds out the door... Oh Crap!... he forgot that damn puppy. He walks back into the woman's apartment and grabs his puppy (which is cleverly named after a mixed drink) out of the closet he tossed him in last night (without food and toilet)when he got to the apartment. Come on you stupid mutt. Afterzipping Martini up in his backback, D'Artagnanbriskly jogs home.  D'Artagnan decides that it is time for Martini's daily flogging so he ties Martini up and beats him up a little. Now that the sweet little puppy is tooexhausted from the beating to lash out against hiswicked owner, it is time for D'Artagnan to take Martini to the park. So, after D'Artagnan shaves hischest, trims his sideburns into perfect Z's, and dons his sleeveless t-shirt with a clever phrase on it, man and man's best friend proceed to the park.  'You ready to pick me up some chicks little fella?' Obviously Martini was ready because he neverreceived food unless D'Artagnan scored. So man and sweet little puppy strolled around the park trying the various poses in front of girls: 1) The 'Down on the knees playing in the grass' is a favorite because it conveys a sense of vulnerability on the part of the puppy owner. 2) The 'Teaching the little guy a new trick' is also an effective manuever as it is impossible to not laugh at the failed attempts (doing even more damage to thepuppy's fragile ego). 3) The 'Isn't that funny, the little guys got a red rocket' is second to none because it is not only funny, but it alsoestablishes the penis as an appropriateconversation piece.  Regardless of what move he uses (there are countless others), some girl, not recognizing the scheme, will inevitably fall into the trap; she will end up letting D'Artagnan get away with much more than he deserves because he will use the line, 'you don't want to disappoint the puppy, do you?'  The bottom line is that this has got to stop.Animals are not here simply to allow us to pick up women; everyoneknows that animals are here to entertain us by learning stupid tricks such as roll-over and crap in the toilet clearly not designed for you, as well as serving as the 'guest of honor' at every BBQ...mmm, beef!  Here is the link to PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals): urlLink http://www.peta.org/index.asp  And their rival PETA (People Eating Tasty Animals): urlLink http://mtd.com/tasty/ urlLink	male
My good friend Brock pointed something out to me. He queried, 'Why do you spend all this time making a website to glorify yourself?' You know what Brock, you are right. From this point forward, I will make a post each week that highlights the coolness of one of my friends or family members...and when I run out of them, I will start highlighting acquaintances and public or not so public figures. At the same time, I will compare myself to these people, and in doing so, will tear myself down. In honor of Brock's courage for pointing out the error of my ways (knowing full-well I could beat the crap out of him next time I am in Chicago), he will be the first subject and subsequent posts about friends will be called the Weekly Brock . So lets get to it.  Brock L.: The man, the myth, the legend.   First let me tell you a bit about Brock's physical characteristics. The man is 6'4", 220lbs, and built like a brick sh*thouse. Despite his size, he has the grace of a butterfly in a cool spring breeze. He is quite dashing with his blond hair and blue eyes--he looks like your typical All-American Johnny Football Hero--and that brings us to our next discussion.  Brock is a legendary football player (and that's le football American for you soccer fans). Brock's strong right arm and comfort with having hishand on the center's ass led the Carterville Lions to aIllinois StateFootball Title in 1996. Let us take a look at Brock'sstats, and by comparing them to mine, get a sense for why I am always humbled in his presence. Shall we:  Passing Att. Comp. Int. Yds. TD Brock L. 150 717 1,357 20  Anything Ted C. 0000,000 0  It is clear who the better man is.  But football is not all there is to this man...oh no, no, no...Brock is also wise. Let us explore, again comparatively, some statistics.  1) Number of timesone of us kissed a girl,and then welater realized it was a really, reallybad idea:  Ted: 9 Brock: 0  2) Number of years served as a University Mascot:  Ted: 3 Brock: 0  3) Number of dollars earned to date:  Ted:-$100,000 Brock: $657,432.34  4) Number of times singing Spanish karaoke (without speaking Spanish):  Ted: 1 Brock: 0  It is clear from these stats that Brock uses his immense wisdom to make rational, logical choices; whereas, I do not always do so. I would like to note that, if elected, I would hire Brock as a senior advisor to help me make logical, rational decisions. The funny thing about all this is if I do run for office in 2020-something, an aged, decrepit Bill O'Reilly will be reading my Blogs from 2004 and be using words like 'travesty', 'abomination', and (my personal favorite) 'idiot'. Now for some links:  1) This is a newspaper article from Brock's University, which features the quote, 'Sophomore quarterback Brock L. has been the only quarterback in camp, and [Coach] Quarlessdid not look forward to having that situation.' urlLink http://www.dailyegyptian.com/Spring98/041598/spt-drills.html  2) More on Brock's high school career: urlLink http://www.ihsa.org/activity/fb/1996-97/3info3.htm  3)More on Bill O'Reilly: urlLink http://www.billoreilly.com/	male
urlLink  I mean, honestly, which plane is cooler?? urlLink	male
Museums: Boys, Girls, and the Wooly Mammoth   One of the major advantages of DC is the presence of museums and historical sites—most of which are free.One should definitely take advantage of the museums. There are five thingsone will notice in the museums: 1) people would rather look at the diamonds and jewels than the cultural artifacts; 2) people would rather look at planes with guns on them than without; 3) everyone loves space (and anything related to space…even that God awful space ice cream); 4) boys like to take girls to the museum both because it is free and to flex their “knowledge” about thestuff in the museum; 5) there is no reason the Wooly Mammoth should be extinct. I am sure each of these five observations could be expanded into a 200+ page social commentary, but due to laziness, I will only expand on one…for now.   Watching couples in the Museum:  Youwill hear some pretty funny stuff if you walk around and eavesdrop on different people in the museum. Among my favorite people to eavesdrop on are couples. Regardless of whether they are MM, MF, FF, MFF, or MG [1] , one member of the couple or triple (usually the male and never the goat) is trying desperately to impress the other with their knowledge of the museum exhibits. Most of this knowledge is pieced together from scattered educational experiences from decades ago that have been clouded with malted hops and bong resin (thank you Tommy Boy); however, surprisingly, many of the tidbits of information these ill-equipped teachers spit out are almost right…some, however, are just completely made up. Some examples:  Example 1: M: “See that baby, that is the Bell X-5; that plane, piloted by Tom Yeager, was the first plane to break the sound barrier. [2] ” F: “Wow! That’s impressive! How do you know that?”  Example 2: M: “The current leading hypothesis is that the dinosaurs actually became extinct because of a fad diet. [3] ” F: “Wow! You know, that actually makes sense!”  Example 3: M: “You know, I do not think it would be bad for us to mate because we both evolved from the same species. [4] ” G: “Bahhhhh”   So what is the result for the recipients of the false information? The recipients either: 1) integrate the information, and become stupider; or 2) ignore the information, and remain neutral. What would the result be if the teacher had not taught at all and just grabbed the recipient’s ass throughout the museum? The recipient would remain neutral. The message is clear: Um…oh yeah…Don’t tell people things that are not true; they will either be worse of or no better than if you had simply grabbed their ass…I declare July 25, 2004 National Shut Your Mouth and Grab a Butt Day…somewhere this train derailed…my apologies. Oh yeah, if you would like to order space ice-cream or other similar atrocities,click thelink: urlLink http://nasastore.jsc.nasa.gov/bigpicts/icecream.html    [1] M=male; F=female; G=goat  [2] Real Fact: The Bell X-1 was piloted by Chuck Yeager and was the first plane to break the sound barrier.  [3] Real Fact: That statement is actually complete bullsh*t; however, it does make sense.  [4] Real Fact: I have no idea.	male
urlLink   So I think I found the last can of TAB on earth; I found the old boyin a back alley convenience store in New York. The can was dated 1993--probably the year thefinal saccharin report came out. The dangers of saccharin have yet to be proven. It tasted like crap--the fact that it may cause cancer just adds insult to injury. To purchase vintage TAB or other sodas that were virtually discontinued(for good reason) contact: urlLink http://www.sodaking.com urlLink	male
urlLink   The SIU Salukis Are Always an Exciting Team to Watch!! SouthernIllinois University at Carbondale provides some of the most entertaining sports teams in the country. SIU is Division I in basketball and Division IAA in football. In this day of all the exciting athletes leaving the'Major'athletic schools before their sophmore year, Mid-majors such as SIU have had theopportunity to thrive.  In basketball,SIU is on its third straight NCAA tourney birth, as well as a sweet-sixteen run three years ago. The team is dynamic, hard-working, and an absolute joy to watch.  In football, the team is ranked #1 in the preseason Division IAA poles. The team has picked up some big-time running backs and returns a solid core from last years 10-2 team.  Why is it so fun to watch the Dawgs? 1) They are always given a somewhat underdawg status; and 2) theyjust play with so much passion. The coaching and team mentalities lead the players to give everything on every play...it is truly exciting to watch.  Check it out: urlLink http://siusalukis.collegesports.com/   urlLink	male
urlLink   If anyone has a spare one of these guitars (Paul Reed Smith Brazilian Custom 22 Limited), may I have it please. Or if anyone is feeling generous/stupid, you can purchase it for me at urlLink http://www.wildwoodguitars.com/electrics/prs/brazilian_ltd_home.html . urlLink	male
My current favorite band is the Counting Crows. I am going to see them tonight at the Merriweather Pavillion in Maryland. So the question becomes then, why are they my favorite band? The lyrics. Something about the liberal use of metaphors (and sometimes just plain nonsense, it seems...at least to me) allowsone to hear their music in many different ways. One person's heartbreaker is another person's love song; one person's get-fired-up song is another person's chill out song.One example:  When I here the song Round Here , and Adam strains the words, '...round here, she's always on my mind,' I have an instant flash of every girl I've ever lost to stupid pride, fear, or just geographical and timing differences. It is always a pleasant reflection. For some, it is not pleasent; for others, it elicits no response at all.  Ok, hopefully, my minor emotional jog did not bore my massive readership. I will try to keep the blogs more fun. I would encourage anyone to read Counting Crows Lyrics: urlLink http://www.countingcrows.com/	male
urlLink  So, apparently, we rocked so hard that we melted the lens of the camera because all the photos came out like this. Dave is sittin' in the corner there, and there are about 20,000 screaming fans (rough estimate) in front of us.This concert rocked; for the first time in over a year, I was reminded of my days back in the band 'Flinging Foreskin' featuring master guitarist KetanAmin. Speaking of master guitarists, we are trying to get a gig opening for Esteban on his 3:30 am infomercial. And yes, the guitar has a'Solid Spruce Top'. urlLink	male
urlLink  Figure 1: The Food Guide Pyramid. Who is right? Scientific Reasearch or a dead doctor? urlLink	male
I currently work in the Department of Health and Human Services; therefore, I am conflicted everyday when I have to decide between the stairs and the elevator. Lets see, do I take the stairs and attempt to improve my cardiovascular health to the potential detriment of my knee and hip joint health, or do I opt for the elevator and decrease my chances of developing osteoarthritis. Of course, none of this would be a problem if I could swim up to my office on the fourth floor, or maybe even take a mobile version of that Gazelle(R) thing that guy with the pony-tail hawks at three a.m. on virtually every station. Honestly, if I am watching television at three a.m. (which I do), I have larger (pun) problems than a small penis (not sure), the need to exercise (pretty good at that), or really tough stains (like blood—okay maybe that is a problem) (Plead the fizith).  The most difficult time I have, however, is with the cafeteria. I did mention that I am with the Department of Health and Human Services, right? A quick review, this is the department (the largest in the Federal government) that produced the wonderful thing we know as the food pyramid (figure one), as well as serving as the home to the USDA and the FDA.  [Side note: confidential sources say that the other two major contenders for the symbol that would be used to help millions of Americans to remember the very difficult concept of six food groups (ah hah, and the number of servings) were (1) the food pie; and (2) the food lion. There were obvious difficulties associated with both. First, the food pie, although visually pleasing, led to some confusion among test groups who began eating nothing but pie (Side note of a side note: the pie diet turned out to be a front-runner when Dr. Atkins was trying to decide which asinine diet plan he would use to make our morbidly obese nation even more unhealthy). The food lion was an early favorite, but PETPA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Pictures of Animals) quickly stepped in and shot that idea down much like the black rhino hunter shoots down the beautiful black rhino.]  Let us turn back to the cafeteria. It is clear that the cafeteria is NOT based on the food pyramid; unless, of course, you turn the pyramid upside down, replace the fruits and vegetable group with an overripe fruit and creamed vegetable group, insert a deep-fried whatever-the-hell group, and finally, add the vending machine group. Sure, I suppose I could get the salad everyday; but daily wilted lettuce with a sliced up egg and low-fat ranch will eventually weigh on souls of even the most health conscious. Being that it is this difficult to get a healthy meal in the Department of Health and Human Services, it is certainly no mystery why we had the first American Yokozuna[1] a couple of years ago. With regard to obesity, I will not bore you with the statistics; suffice to say that they are alarming at the least. There are two thought processes in the American mind that need to be addressed, lest we end up disappearing like the dinosaurs.  [Side note: Most scientists believe that the dinosaurs became extinct due to starvation, an ice-age, or some asteroid strike; however, no one (to my limited knowledge) has proposed the perfectly reasonable hypothesis that the dinosaurs ate themselves to death. For example, perhaps T-rex made a habit of eating the high-fat brachiosaurus, as opposed to the high-fiber pterydactyl. Next thing you know, T-Rex is turning 23 and on his third heart attack. Hell, maybe all the dinosaurs went crazy on some Atkins-esque diet and just dropped dead (although considerably slimmer at the time).]  The first concept that we must break away from is the concept of “getting your money’s worth.” I was raised this way, as were most other (99%) of Americans to which money was an object. Let’s do an example: Joe P. Average is faced with a decision. He can either: 1) buy two Cheeseburgers, large fries, and a 188 oz drink for $3.29, or 2) buy a package of all-natural, earthy, whole-grain crackers for $3.29. Joe knows two things about the McD’s(R) meal: 1) it will make him full for several hours, and 2) it tastes pretty good. Joe also knows two thing about the crackers: 1) they will keep him full for 30 minutes, at which point Joe will have to spend more money, and 2) they taste like sh*t (edited so my mother can read it). Joe may also be distantly familiar with the fact that consistently eating McDonald’s(R) will harm his long-term health. With all his knowledge, Joe proceeds to conduct an internal cost-benefit analysis. Those of you that are familiar with the concept of “present value[2]” will understand why Joe chooses to eat at McDonald’s(R). The long-term costs of unhealthy eating (knocking 10-15 years off his life, thousands of dollars in personal medical expenses, billions in Federal health care expenditures) do not cast a significant weight on Joe’s decision….damnit Joe, wake up. After everything is calculated (even the utility Joe loses from eating the crap-tasting rice crackers), the crackers actually are the best value. Choose the crackers Joe, and “Get your money’s worth.”  Unfortunately, it is very difficult to convert a nation of people who are (for the most part) obsessed with “getting their money’s worth” in the present tense to a nation of people who are dedicated to “getting their money’s worth” in the long-run. Can you imagine someone going to Golden Corral(R) and having a nice salad….sure, maybe, but the salad is usually immediately followed by 3 steaks, a plate of wings, a slice of pizza, mashed taters, and a bowl of ice cream with strawberries, chocolate, and sprinkles. After all, you could not possibly let the owners of the Golden Corrall(R) make a dime off of you; screw them , you work hard for your money, and you will get your money’s worth. And lets not even get started on Chinese Buffet; many believe it is their patriotic duty to put those sons-of-bitches out of business by eating 23 plates of crap. We must change the way we think.  We also need to discard the idea that anything other than eating less calories and burning more calories will lead to healthy, sustained weight loss. As much as I hate that guy with the pony-tail, he is right—get your ass on the Gazelle(R) for a least 30 min a day. As much as I hate Whole Foods(R), eating some of that crap is necessary.  FACT: People hate working out…well, the average American hates working out. Some actually enjoy it and/or obsess about it (obsessing is not healthy in a different way....it makes people hate you).  FACT: People hate eating healthy…well, the average American hates eating healthy. Some actually enjoy it…no, that’s complete crap, no one really enjoys eating healthy (even if they think they do); it goes against human nature.  Think about it, five to six million years ago the first bipedal hominid (apparently our ancestors… so say the smart folks ) stood up on his back feet and thought… I’m hungry …what did he find? Twigs and berries. Meat, milk, and chocolate were very tough to come by. Finally, in the last 100 years, the US has moved toward providing a ridiculous amount of food to the majority of the population. Do you honestly think that 100 years of food-a-plenty is enough to reverse 5 million years of natural selection toward those bipedal hominids that consume as much food as they can get their hands on. What do you think homo erectus would do at Golden Corral(R)? You can be damn sure that crazy SOB would get his money’s worth, and then probably ask for the extra animal skins to wear home. So what do you think is going to happen when Whole Foods(R) dangles the twig and berries while McDonald’s(R) flops down meaty, juicy beef? We homo sapiens will be compelled by millions of years of habit to go for the beef or butter or cheese or deep-fried anything or (heaven forbid) an entire loaf of bread. As if all this is not enough, a fat person walking into Whole Foods(R) has to put up with psychological pressure somewhere on the level of what I (Illinois country boy) would experience walking down the streets of Baghdad, wearing my Toby Keith t-shirt, and singing God Bless the USA. (We’ll talk about Toby Keith later).  This is the point at which we must separate ourselves from the animals. It was not until Orwell’s animals became cognizant of their situation that they chose to break from the power of instinct (not that I think obesity has anything to do with socialism) and improve their lives. A dog (or any other animal), when presented with limitless food, will eat until it is obese and unhealthy; actually, I think I have heard stories of dogs eating themselves to death. It does not do this because it enjoys eating (have you ever tasted dog food?). It does this because of instinct. The dog does not think: will this make my ass fat? (consequently there are no eating disorders among animals); or will this raise my cholesterol? A dog just eats.  We must exercise our sense of reason…yeah, I said it, personal responsibility. Some people literally sh*t themselves when they are told that a person is responsible for any aspect of their condition; they sh*t themselves and then they blame it on someone else. Of course all this eating would not be a problem if we would get off our butts and move a bit. Please note that I realize certain people have a genetic predisposition to be a particular weight, and that weight may not correspond with the expected “norm” of our skinny-crazy culture. I do not think everyone can or should look like skin-and-bones “super models” that love to take their shirts off and show off their sexy pancreas'; I do, however, think that everyone (save those with metabolic/ psychological disorders) can sustain a healthy weight.  ([1] A Sumo wrestling grand champion. Also, the reference is for comedic purposes; Sumo wrestlers are actually in good health. Please do not kick my ass.) ([2]The concept of Present Value basically means that Joe does not give a sh*t about the future (or at least, less of a sh*t)).	male
urlLink   This is Secretary Thompson and I after our long, in-depth conversion involving such importantthings as what my name is. The red thing in my hand is my red blanket...I had just finished bull fighting. urlLink	male
So I suppose if I am to get elected in 2020-something, I should start to put together some kind of platform. Let's start with the environment. Has anyone ever driven an ethanol powered car?? I have. I drove it all though college (I lived in the Midwest). 90% EtOH/10% Petro. The car ran quite well. There was one drawback, however--everytime I filled it up right before work they thought I was drunk because I smelled like a damn brewery. Small price to pay to reduce our dependence on both foreign and domestic fuel. I mean, granted, the ideal situation would be cars that run on water and crap like that, but the techonology for EtOH cars exists NOW. Imagine the midwest turning into the mideast (in terms of wealth resources, not in terms of violence and anti-american sentiment....silly). Hell, right now we throw corn away....it could easily be fermented and distilled to produce a fuel that is cleaner, renewable, and a good transition from fossil fuels to newer fuel sources.That is the only environmental statement I want to make right now. I dont want to talk about forests and wetlands....I dont think I know enough about it, yet.	male
urlLink  If we dont do something about the environment, this Wooly Mammoth could become un-extinct....not good. urlLink	male
Obviously I have the day off today and have nothing better today than look at old meet photos and laugh. I chose a few that I wanted to post - and no, I promise I won't put yet another one of Jason ;) Here ya go:  CAN1 - Ottawa  Jason grinding Will with a baguette. I wish I had a photo of the bus pole grinding... or the video of him chasing me down the Rideau Centre with that baguette!  The guys in their boxers at Double Deckers pub.    CAN2 - Toronto  Jake Russ show us there is no IN and OUT privileges with them!  Phil and Joey get into some heavy statue snogging!  Ahh some of these I almost forgot about :)	male
If you're coming from abroad and are planning to fly into/out of Castlegar from/to Vancouver then you'll need to check out the flight schedules. The daily flights are limited as they need to see the mountains in order to land. These are all on Air Canada. Once Northern Hawk Air releases their fall schedule to Trail, I will post them as well. Here they are:  VANCOUVER-Intl - YVR to CASTLEGAR (BC) - YCG  Departure Times : 8:15 am, 11:45 am 3:30 pm  CASTLEGAR (BC) - YCG to VANCOUVER-Intl  Departure Times : 9:55 am, 3:30 pm 5:10 pm   If you are planning to come on a weekend, it is likely that the early morning flight is not available. Please keep in mind that these are DH1 and DH3 type aircrafts as well :)  In addition, unless you are flying Air Canada from Europe and are booking all the way through to Castlegar, you will have to go through International Customs at Vancouver and collect your baggage. Then you will have to go to domestic departures and check-in again. I've done this MANY times before with only an hour to spare so it is definitely possible. Typically, I will use YVR's urlLink Express Check-in kiosks and then hand over my baggage. Alternatively, if you don't want to rush, you can either hang out in Vancouver for a night and fly to Castlegar the following day *OR* look at doing an overnight bus ride on urlLink Greyhound . Honestly, though, the cost of the flight vs. the cost of the bus is almost the same.	male
So I had this question posed to me today. And really, the answer, is quite simple - I don't really care. I don't think Adam/Fire really cares either :) You have to understand that we have jobs we'll have to go to, so if that isn't a big deal to you and you want to stay an extra week or so, then feel free. I think the longest someone stayed at my place at the last meet was 3 weeks :) For those of you who are wary about meeting people from the WEEEEB, here is a funny little comic that portrays how people are online versus realife:  urlLink   Teehee! Click it for a bigger version :) But really - its going to be a blast. So stop your humming and hawwing and sign up already!	male
So I figured I would do a bit of research and find out what sort of prices people should expect for flights. Here are my results: - Vancouver to Castlegar, return, on urlLink Air Canada fluctuates between $299 and $320 CAD. If you are going to book this flight, please keep in mind that there are only 3 flights per day. - Vancouver to Trail, return, on urlLink Northern Hawk Air is roughly $368 but this could change after Labour Day once they publish their new fall flight schedule. - London Gatwick to Vancouver, return, on urlLink Canadian Affair works out to 338 GBP. I chose a UK departure of Oct 7 and return flight of Oct 14. If you chose this option you'd also have to get the above flight from Vancouver. Alternatively, you can fly from London Gatwick to Calgary for 337 GBP (Ooooooh) and then hook up with Camerak in Calgary. You'd have to work out driving dates, etc with him though. - Charlotte, NC to Seattle, WA, return, on urlLink Travelocity works out to 238.70 USD. You'd have to work out driving times with Lorax on this one. If you chose to fly out of Raleigh instead it would go down to 232.90 USD. Going to Spokane would be more expensive - i.e. from Raleigh it works out to be about 421 USD. - Atlanta to Seattle is 359.40 USD also on Travelocity. If you flew to Spokane, WA instead it would be 381.90 USD. Depending on your flights we could probably pick you up in Spokane as its only 2.5 hours from us. - Phoenix, AZ to Spokane, WA on Travelocity is about 193.40 USD. - San Francisco to Seattle is 153.20 USD roundtrip (Travelocity). From there you'd have to hook up with Lorax to get here. Alternatively, you could fly from San Francisco to Spokane which is more expensive at 253.40 USD but you cut the driving time to your final destination probably by more than half (as compared to Seattle). And thats all I have right now. If you want something priced out - let me know and I'll see what I can find.  P.S. Other people can post on here too if they want :P Thats the point in signing up :P	male
And here they are... 10. You get to meet all kinds of weird people from the internet. 9. All your friends are doing it so stop being such a loser and do it too! 8. If you're not Canadian, your money goes a lot further here! 7. Tim Hortons, poutine and all things Maple Syrup! 6. You have a much better chance of being snogged than you'd get at your local pub. 5. Three words: Giant boob cake 4. 100% Pure Canadian beaver! We do live in Beaver Valley afterall :) 3. Beer! Beer! Beer and 1-800-REAL-ALE! (Girlie drinks too if you want) 2. You may get a chance to swing a foam bat at Fire! And the number one reason to go to Canadameet is... 1. You get to laugh at things like this:	male
Now before this continues on, I figure I'd give you some more details on this area and what to expect:  Accommodations : As it is cheaper and generally more convenient for people to be all in one place, we are basically opening up our house to everyone. The house has 2 furnished spare rooms, each with double beds, and one unfurnished spare room (empty). There are also two couches and we'll have the use of a camping trailer in our driveway (it has a double bed and 2 singles). Two tents will be available and we also have plenty of floor space. If you want an idea of what the house is like there are before and after photos urlLink here . Should somebody really want to stay in a hotel there is one in Fruitvale called the Villager's Inn about 5 mins away - and I believe it is quite cheap.  The Area : Here are a few websites that might be of interest if you want to get some insight into this area. 1) urlLink Fruitvale , this is where Adam I live. 2) urlLink Trail , about 15 mins drive from us. Has a small airport is where we'll go if we go to a 'club'. 3) urlLink Castlegar , about 25-30 mins from us. Location of another airport and other random stuff. 4) urlLink Nelson , a hippy-esque city about 1 hr from us. 5) urlLink Rossland , about 20 mins from us. Home of the ski hill and gold mining museum. 6) urlLink Creston , about an hour from us. Home of the urlLink Kokanee brewery where we could do a tour should the thought strike us.  The Cost : If you're coming from a country that deals in anything other than Canadian currency then you're in luck. This area is extremely inexpensive so your cash will go much further (even compared to Toronto for all those who went to CAN2). Even for other Canadians it will be relatively inexpensive. Obviously, the biggest cost is getting here - and then maybe the beer if you're going to have a lot ;) If you are looking at ways to decrease the cost of you getting here, please feel free to ask as there may be some way we can help. Until next time...	male
So I made this up figuring it was a good place for people to see what is new, to ask questions or even just to laugh about old times (as well as post any links to old meet stuff)! I guess I'll start with the details of the upcoming meet: Where: Trail/Fruitvale, BC, Canada When: Oct 8-11, 2004 If you are looking at flying in the closest airports are Castlegar and Trail. Castlegar is serviced by urlLink Air Canada from Calgary and Vancouver and Trail is serviced by urlLink Northern Hawk Air from Vancouver only. Coming from the UK, so far the cheapest flights I have found into Vancouver are with urlLink Canadian Affair . Again, you can also catch a ride with Jake/Camerak in Calgary or Steve/Lorax in Seattle. Flying into Spokane, WA is also an option. Questions? :) Enjoy!	male
At 18.30 on Tuesday the tube strike started, it ended about 18.30 today. In that space of 24 hours I have been shocked by two things 1) Londoners have legs, and 2) Londoners are generous. Let me explain.... A lot of people commute into London from the suburbs and beyond. We have quite an extensive public transport network consisting of underground and over-ground trains, buses, taxis etc. The rail union for underground staff decided to hold a strike which people feared would bring London to a standstill and would cost the economy a heck of a lot of money. So this morning I walked into work - which is only like 25 mins and I often walk in anyways. The buses were packed, the roads were chockablock with cars, buses and taxis. It was total gridlock. Buses were having to drop people off half-way along the route leaving disgruntled commuters stuck half-way to work, but as I was walking along I noticed something amazing. There were lots of other people walking and more cyclists than normal. I was quite surprised, I guess when the worst happens and you have to get into work you make the effort. It does makes me wonder why these people don't walk more often.  But anyways, I can't comment coz I do often get the bus, and I did for the journey home (mainly because I wasn't feeling well - summer cold or something coming on methinks). So I waited with the not-so-large queue of people and got on the first bus that came. Well one lady didn't have change for the ticket machine (in central london you now have to buy your ticket before getting on the bus) and looked quite dismayed as she trudged off the bus having been told by the bus driver he had no change so couldn't take her. But then, from out of nowhere her guardian angel appeared, a lady who had like a carnet of bus tickets and just gave her one. How's that for generosity! Well it certainly proved to me that out there there are nice people in the world, and thanks to one of them, that lady got home a little earlier than she would have done with her faith in the world restored :)	male
It’s been sort of a strange couple of days. Every once and a while, I sort of move into brief periods like this where everything seems mildly surreal, as if I’m seeing things through a slightly skewed reflection and I’m not immersed in anything around me but instead drifting along in parallel, idly headed along somewhere. It’s a very odd feeling of detachment that sort of permeates everything that I do. It’s a sort of “catcher in the rye” type of feeling, isolation, sinking between curbs, and all that—I don’t really know. I saw a play last night called “I Am My Own Wife.” It was quite interesting and very well done, and in fact won the Pulitzer recently. It’s a one-man performance (something which always impresses me) and the plot is fairly complex—it’s largely based on the life of a transvestite Berliner—who’s also a furniture collector and restorer and lives in a museum filled with old phonographs—born in the early 20th century and his (her) experiences as a homosexual living through two oppressive regimes: the Nazis and the communists.  The story is told, however, from the point of view of the author (an American homosexual man and the only actor in the play) who visits Berlin and tapes interviews that he conducts with her about her life for the purpose of—yes—writing a play. So, it’s sort of both an autobiography of the author’s interactions with her, and a biography of her life, and scenes from both are interspersed to create a pretty powerful performance. I would recommend it to anyone who has the chance to see it. Going up to the country for a bit of a vacation tomorrow, which should be nice. It’s summer, so I should be relaxed, but somehow I feel guilty about being relaxed, which makes it impossible to be relaxed. So, yeah, hopefully I can just chill out. Ciao.	male
It feels sort of surreal around here right now. Saturday my babygirl will be turning 13, a teenager by definition. She definitely has moments of teenagerdom. She spends hours on the phone, she's forever painting her nails, fiddling with her hair and experimenting with makeup. The posters on her walls have changed from cuddly puppies to Orlando Bloom looking for all the world like a lecherous pedophile ready to pounce on my daughter - oh wait no, that's Ginge :) The other day we were in the middle of laundry so she had on some old shorts and a tank that was far too small for her. Cleavage was everywhere, curves were there in places where there shouldn't be curves yet (at least not in my mind). It was startling. She looked older, and yet she was sitting on the couch playing with bubbles like a kid. I just can't get my head around this weirdness. Of course she just laughs at me, or rolls her eyes when I point out all of this to her. She says she doesn't feel any different than she did last week and that I'm just being weird. Well, yes I am being weird, but it is a weird feeling. I wish I could explain it better. Maybe Kat will get some idea of it when her kidlets reach this age. I find myself comparing her to what I remember of my teen years, or my sister's since Kelly (my sis) is 8 years younger than me, I can remember what she was like. I'm trying to avoid the pitfalls I remember. I'm probably more lenient with my daughter than my mom was with me; I know I talk to her more than my mom did with me about things that weren't big subjects when I was a teen (finances, sex, drugs and all that).  Anyway, enough of that. If anyone sees Arya around TCZ on Saturday, wish her a happy 13th and don't mind me sobbing in the corner.	male
Stuff Its funny how you can go in one direction for awhile, then all of a sudden, do a complete 360. And no, I'm not talking about driving on ice in the wintertime.... I said I was going to wait till early next year to re-evaluate the whole house situation, since the previous encounter was very fustrating and unsettling. But then before we knew it, we're thinking about putting a bid on a house. Not completely sure if we're going to take it. The price is perfect (Same as what I pay for rent right now). But there is a bit of work to do to it, cosmetic and structure-wise (The foundation has a bit of unsettling, they said they could fix it before we moved in). We're looking at a few more options, but might be moving in sooner then I think. We're going to think about it very hard this week, and make a decision. -- Things Lately, my mind has been so scattered. I will start working on one thing, then all of a sudden, I forget what I was doing before. Fire just laughs at me when I'm typing something on TCZ and all of a sudden I just either end the sentance prematurely or just add a who and the end of it. Heh, I find it pretty funny myself as well, but I think I seriously need a few days off work just to relax around the house and do some serious binge drinking. Luckily I have extra money and we're coming up to a 4 day weekend! (July 1st = Canada Day). Mucho relaxo and golfo, with a side order of drinko.  Thats all for now Bie!	male
Greetings! Well today was supposed to be my final post-miscarriage check-up but, as you might guess, this isn't the case. No, it appears that there could be something wrong - they aren't quite sure yet what but I have to get an ultrasound either tomorrow or Wednesday so they can check it out. Joy. What does that mean? Well, they figure there are a few options - either I have a simple infection or there are pieces still left inside (which apparently could be from the one sac or perhaps therein lies the possibility that there was twins) OR it could be both. Gross and stuff eh? Yeah. So if it is an infection - I get to take drugs. And to jump the gun a bit - they've already given me the drugs. So I get to take these orange horse pills for the next week - whee! If its the "pieces" option then I get to have a D  Yeah, I know - WTF is that? D actually stands for "dilation curettage" and basically is the scraping of the lining of the uterus. And that means I get to go under anaesthetic too! Its like I said - the fun never stops! So thats the spiel. Now as we wait for the votes to come in to see who our new Prime Minister will be, I'm going to work out. Later!	male
This weekend I was once again in Amsterdam and having been to the cinema to see Shrek 2 - I want a puss in boots! - Monster and I went to watch the Holland-Sweden match in one of the pubs in the centre. Having secured what seemed to be the last seat in the pub we settled down to wait for the match to start. It was amazing at how packed the pub became and I don't think I've ever seen so many people wearing orange - not even at the Easyjet check-in desks! Naturally the majority of the pub were supporting Holland, altho we did see one chap in a Sweden t-shirt who interestingly had an Italy sweatshirt tied round his waist - wise move methinks with that many orange peeps about ;)  Whilst it was a good match, I couldn't help feeling a little saddened as I recalled that only two days before I'd been sat gripped by the England-Portugal match and as the game went to penalties (as Monster had kept on telling me it would) I felt I couldn't quite join in with the euphoria of the celebrations as Van de Sar saved the penalty and Robben scored to win the game for Holland. Up until Saturday's match Holland had been afflicted with the same penalties curse as England - for some reason they just couldn't win a match on penalties and it was always heartache for the nation - but now for Holland at least the curse was lifted, and I felt a little jealous. I guess England just have to wait their turn for the curse to be lifted - or practice their penalty taking! Anyways, whilst I'm not switching my allegiance, I do kinda feel a warmth towards Holland so they'll be getting my support for the rest of the tournament, and as my darling boyfriend pointed out my hair does match the team colours ;)	male
They are a little slow but they get the idea. When I sold my condo a few years ago I told them that they should buy a townhouse and I'll just pay them rent. This way they have a second house that they can make money off of and I can still have a house (I hate paying property organizations like Paradigm). Of course they just hated this idea, assuming I was trying to pull something over on them (as if) and since I didn't feel like going through the paperwork of getting another house until I figure out where I want to live, I just submitted and rented out this apartment. Now fast forward to June 27. My mother calls me and we're talking about her trip this week. She's going to be seeing some old friends, one of whom owns four houses in the Charlotte, N.C. area. They rent three of them out to their kids and just bought a fourth for themselves. Of course they've retired early and make great money off the interest rates of the homes while charging their kids pretty minimal rent to stay there. The thinking is that they can help their kids save up and buy houses of their own. Now all of a sudden my parents think this is a WONDERFUL idea. Just brilliant. They were asleep when I sold my condo and suggested this idea but now thou art awaken.  Sounds all good but I've got six months on my current lease and I'm stuck, plus there's no guarantee I'll want to live here when it's up. So now they want to do this thing fairly quickly (they are impatient/impulsive like that) and I'm stuck in rental hell. I'm so angry I can't even give them a shit-eating "I told you so" grin.  So there are two options: either a) beg and plead the properties company to let me out of my lease (HA!) or b) Wait and see. The hope is I'll know whether I'm staying here or moving elsewhere by October and we can search for a place. The only saving grace could be if I get this particular job and I'll be forced to move somewhere in between Jacksonville and Atlanta. That could at least solve my lease problems because the paper will just give me the money to buy it out or take over the last six months and put an intern there or something. Anyway...Parents are frustrating.	male
I think my computer's slowly dying. A few months ago my CD-Rom drive kept opening and closing by itself, over and over again until I taped the fecking thing shut. Then it stopped for a while. Then I somehow lost my entire OS after merely attempting to install IE 6 again, which I was only doing to try and fix some weird .dll error. So I reinstalled my OS, and instantly became inundated with spyware all over the place. I cannot stress enough how evil that shite is and how the perpetrators of it should be dragged through a field of glass and then hung, drawn and quartered with me to slap the horses' backsides as they tear their limbs off. That reminds me of a pub near the Tower of London called the Hung, Drawn and Quartered. But that's neither here nor there. Anyway, I've run every kind of spyware killer I can find, edited registry files until I'm cross-eyed, and I still am unable to get rid of it all. And to top it off, my CD-Rom drive is now opening and closing over and over and it's pissing me off. This computer was purchased in 2001 so I think it's shelf-life is pretty much done. The crappy thing is that there's no way I could afford to replace it. So I shall have to Macguyver it until it finally kicks the bucket. I'll keep it short tonight. I'd like to check my email but I have to close the browser first.	male
Today I found a new apartment. well, I guess technically it's called a 'basement suite' but whatever it's called, It'll soon be my new home. I get to move in about mid august - around the same time as my birthday. Some birthday present huh? I get to haul heavy boxes and furniture instead of relaxing. Too bad I can't call in sick and get someone to cover for me. Man, that would be sweet. In other news, I think I'm developing a rash. and by 'rash' , I really mean 'strong relationship with my girlfriend' . I dunno what it is about her. She calls me up randomly to say weird things. Like, today for example - she called me up, and asked 'Is Rob there?'. Not so weird right? Yes - considering I live by myself, and there is no one else around to pick up the blasted phone. Then then proceeds to tell me about a dream she had involving ice cream, dancing hippos, and a couple of talking trees. The girl is insane. She's totally random, incoherent, and she slobbers a lot. I think I might marry her one day. She's perfect. Earlier today I had what most people would call 'Breakfast' . Its the first time I've eaten food in the morning since Christmas. It was amazing. I woke up, went to the kitchen, made some eggs and toast, and ate it. All before 8:00 am. I really enjoyed breakfast. I think I might continue this tradition and explore other edible creations. I'm thinking about pancakes - I hear they're pretty good.	male
Margaritas eh? We just bought a *BIG* bucket of strawberry margarita mix which I may actually save for CAN3 now that we're up to ***24*** people! Woo hoo! We just passed CAN2 by 2 people. Yeah! Well, of course, thats assuming that all goes well and they all show. So more people should sign up! Go on - do it! You know you want to ;) At any rate, today has been a weird day of laziness, shopping and haircuts. Adam and I both got much needed haircuts today - if you're bored you can check out mine urlLink here . Its just about 3 inches shorter than normal (due to summer and stuff). Don't mind the fuzziness - I'm trying to learn to use PSP properly ;) Then maybe I'll actually *buy* the program for a change! In other news - we're finding the really weird thing to have to contend with these days is running into all the people we know and when they ask how "things are going" (meaning the pregnancy) we have to tell them that things are "not going". Its such an awkward conversation to have - especially with people we don't really know well but we run into a lot and just know who we are (either through Adam's parents or from my work, etc). Its just weird. I live for the day where nobody asks me about the pregnancy anymore - I get on better day by day not having to think about it and when people ask - it makes you think about it. So its all very weird. Anyhoo, I'm going to go wake up Adam since he's still passed out on the couch (for a few hours now that lazy bum!). I have to say I miss the smilies from the other blog! Thats my only complaint :) Bye!	male
So it's party day. Jamie's birthday party day. His birthday isn't until tomorrow but we are having his party today. I'm telling you, if I get asked ONE MORE TIME how much longer til his party (Jamie can tell time btw) I'm going to commit Harry Carrey. This morning was spent running all over Highland/Griffith/Munster trying to find hair dye. The party is Harry Potter and everyone is supposed to come over dressed like their favorite character from the book. We have been all over looking for washable hair-dye (black of course) and glasses. We FINALLY found the hair dye after I went to one of the salons to ask where I could find temp hair dye. I had been to Walgreens, Osco's, the Party Store, Target... so when I left there, I stopped by where Paul gets his hair cut and asked them and they sent me to a place like Sally's Beauty Supply. We didn't find any glasses though. I stopped by the eye place (For Eyes) and asked if they happpppened to be throwing out any old glasses that looked like HP glasses but they said no. However they did have the HP glasses in stock! So, for just a split second I got excited but that excitment faded as soon as I saw the price tag of $70. Which the lady then told me she could take $44 dollars off. I told her, thanks but that's ok. It's only a 1 time thing.  ARGGGHHHH!!! *GOES RUNNING DOWN THE STREET SCREAMING AND SHOUTING LIKE A LUNATIC* ....yes, he asked me again... I'm sorry I ever told him he could have a party... Anywhooo.... back to the glasses, I bought some black poster paper to try to make some glasses out of that. Goooood luck! I'm just so glad I don't have to prepare food. We are ordering pizza and having popcorn, pudding, and fruit snacks. Plus some drinks. I had thought of Butterbeer and Melia had given me the recipe, but jamie wants Pepsi (which I think Coke actually had something to do with HP) but maybe that and Orange kool-aid and that will be 'Pumpkin Juice'. I really don't like Pepsi. I'm a Coke or Dr Pepper girl. Water actually, most of the time, but I digress... Ok I have to go, less than 4 hours now til this *ahem* !Very well put together party. Have a great day Oh yeah, pray this dye comes out of their hair.	male
We all know that getting really, really drunk just sucks—there’s no two ways about it. Sure, its fun for a little while, but it takes twice as long to recuperate, not to mention the fact that the process of recovery is twice as harrowing as getting tipsy is amusing (a concept that, admittedly, TCZ spods seem pretty familiar with). However, what’s worse than getting really, really drunk, is getting really, really drunk at the same party your parents are at and then having to go home with them, sleep in the same house as them and therefore subsequently have to wake up in the same house as them.  I bring this up because this was exactly the predicament that I found myself in last night. Let me just tell you, if I never have another sip of alcohol in the presence of my parents again it will be too soon. Anyway, as you can probably imagine (or recall, if this has ever happened to you), this morning has made me greatly regret last night as it's been a lovely medley of kneeling over the bath-tub, bouts of insane awkwardness that ensued about the time of our rather rude awakenings (as it were), and other pleasant things of that nature.  So, allow me to close with two final thoughts, which are really just the same final thought repeated for emphasis: God damn margaritas, god damn them. End Rant;	male