A Hubli-bound flight, with Congress president Rahul Gandhi onboard, reportedly developed a ‘technical snag’ on Thursday, 26 April, causing panic among passengers and crew alike, with the Congress alleging “intentional tampering” with the aircraft and demanding a probe into its “suspicious and faulty performance.” Amid the allegations, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), however, said that it was a "snag of autopilot mode," and that it is not uncommon, reported NDTV. BS Bhullar, head of the DGCA, told NDTV that a detailed report will be out in two weeks. Kaushal Vidyarthee, one among Gandhi’s entourage, had written a letter to the Inspector General and Director General of Karnataka Police, alleging ‘unexplained technical failures’, while adding that the ‘shuddering and the altitude dipping’ that was experienced during the flight-time were ‘not weather-related’. According to Vidyarthee's letter, the aircraft tilted heavily mid-flight, and shuddered violently with a clanking noise that was “clearly audible". The aircraft successfully landed at the airport around 11:25 am only after three attempts, leaving the occupants frightened. Confirming that a complaint has been received about some unexplained turbulence of the aircraft, Renuka Sukumar, DCP (Law and Order), Hubbali-Dharwad police told PTI: The complaint that names the two pilots was filed by KPCC General Secretary Shakir Sanadi, she said. Meanwhile, a senior DGCA official responded to the incident, saying: Citing the report from the Air Traffic Controller, a senior official at the Hubbali airport said the plane had landed safely, PTI reported. Notably, Gandhi is on a two-day visit to poll-bound Karnataka to campaign for the party candidates in the districts of Uttara Kannada, Dahskina Kannada, Kodagu and Mysuru. Congress’ communications in-charge Randeep Surjewala also commented on the incident, saying: He added that a complaint has been sumbitted to the DGP, Karnataka, asking him to look into all aspects of the "serious, horrific incident", including foul play if any. He reportedly said it was unprecedented that a flight carrying an SPG protectee would develop a snag. Another complaint has been filed with the DGCA to look at all the aspects of the matter, Surjewala added. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb courted fresh controversy on Wednesday, 25 April, when he said that West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee should “get her brain examined at a hospital”, in response to the latter’s remark comparing BJP’s victory in Tripura to “winning municipal elections”. While speaking to a Bengali news channel, the TMC chief had reportedly discredited BJP’s landslide victory in the Tripura assembly elections. Claiming that Banerjee is frustrated and jealous, Deb told the media: TMC leader party leader Partha Chaterjee later said Deb’s comments were just aimed at garnering “more publicity”. Chatterjee also reportedly slammed the comments made by Surendra Singh, a BJP MLA from UP, who had referred to Banerjee as " " while comparing opposition Congress to “ ”. Surpanakha is the sister of demon king  in Hindu epic ' '. The first-time MLA from Bairia, made the controversial remarks against Banerjee while raising questions over the law and order situation in West Bengal,  reported. This remark came days after PM Modi has advised his partymen to refrain from making controversial statements. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
A Hubli-bound flight, with Congress president Rahul Gandhi onboard, reportedly developed a ‘technical snag’ on Thursday, 26 April, causing panic among passengers and crew alike, with the Congress alleging ‘intentional tampering’ with the aircraft and demanding a probe into its “suspicious and faulty performance.” The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) said in New Delhi that it would examine the issue, while the police said they have registered a complaint. Kaushal Vidyarthee, one among Gandhi’s entourage, had written a letter to the Inspector General and Director General of Karnataka Police, alleging ‘unexplained technical failures’, while adding that the ‘shuddering and the altitude dipping’ that was experienced during the flight-time were ‘not weather-related. Read the full story BJP's chief ministerial candidate BS Yeddyurappa on Thursday, 26 April, said he had pardoned mining baron G Janardhana Reddy of Ballari and others who had troubled him in the past in the interest of the state. "Not only Reddy, many have troubled me when I was CM. I've forgotten it and pardoned them all in the interest of the state," Yeddyurappa told in an interview. Denying that the party gave ticket to anyone at Reddy's instance, the BJP leader said the mining baron was supporting party candidates in some districts. The party is relying on ST leader B Sreeramulu, and not Reddy, to win in Ballari and neighbouring districts, he said. He denied that the party had taken a decision to make Sreeramulu his deputy in the event of the party coming to power. (Source: Over 100 families in Bengaluru’s Sanjay Nagar and its neighbouring areas have been living without electricity since Tuesday, 24 April, and the residents claim that their complaints have fallen on deaf ears. The area witnessed a power shutdown on Tuesday evening due to heavy rain and strong winds. Several trees were uprooted in the area – and along with the trees, power lines came down. However, since then, power has not been restored in many pockets, and citizens are angry at the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) and Bengaluru Electricity Supply Company (BESCOM). (Source: ) Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday, 26 April, that development was his only agenda for the Karnataka Assembly polls, and accused the State’s Congress government of stalling its progress. Mr. Modi also accused the Congress of playing caste politics during elections. “BJP has a three-pronged agenda for Karnataka — development, fast-paced development, all-round development,” he told BJP leaders, office bearers and party workers via video conference. “Our agenda is vikas [development], vikas, vikas,” he said. (Source: ) It has been 23 years since the Chinese government took Panchen Lama, the second most prominent spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhists, into custody. Considered one of the longest serving political prisoners in the world, the whereabouts of the then six-year-old Panchen Lama remains unclear. Despite widespread hue and cry from the Tibetan community, calls for his release have lost voice over the years. To remind the world of this political kidnapping by China, and to demand his release, over 200 Tibetans in Karnataka’s Bylakuppe have attempted to break a Guinness world record. On 25 April 2018, on the Panchen Lama’s 29th birthday, members of the Tibetan community in the Bylakuppe in Coorg lit more than 1.3 lakh candles on a cake. Read the full story Surveillance cameras are not much of a deterrent to thieves as a businessman found out much to chagrin. Thieves outsmarted the businessman by disconnecting a camera and took away the digital video recorder (DVR) that stored footage shot by CCTV cameras installed in his Jayanagar IV ‘T’ Block home. They walked away with more than Rs 1 lakh in cash besides silver ornaments and the DVR. Sikandar, a fruit merchant, told police the burglary occurred sometime between 15 and 22 April when he and his family were away on a tour to Jammu and Kashmir. He had installed four CCTV cameras outside his house. The cameras covered the front and back doors besides passages on the side. He has also linked the DVR to his mobile phone so that he could watch footage regularly, police said. (Source: ) (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Suri district court on Thursday, 26 April, convicted two men of murdering rebel Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Sagar Ghosh ahead of the 2013 panchayat polls in West Bengal’s Birbhum. Sagar Ghosh was shot dead at his home in Badnabagram village under Parui police station in Birbhum on 21 July 2013. He succumbed to his injuries two days later. Judge Parthasarathi Sen will pronounce the quantum of punishment for the convicts — Subrata Roy and Bhogirath Ghosh — on Friday, 27 April. Six others were acquitted due to the lack of evidence in the case. “The two claimed to be innocent, but the court convicted them,’’ said public prosecutor Ranjit Bandopadhyay. (Source: ) Two 12-year-old boys were detained on Thursday, 26 April, for allegedly killing their nine-year-old neighbour in Lisarigate police station area of Meerut earlier this month. Police said it appears the boys committed the murder after the victim teased them. Circle office, city (Meerut) Dinesh Kumar said both were produced before the Juvenile Justice board, which sent them to a correction home. According to him, on 19 April, the victim’s father Mohammad Shahid lodged a complaint that his son Imran was missing since the previous day. A kidnapping case was registered against unidentified persons. Next day, Imran’s body was recovered from Sadar Bazar area. His neck, the police said, had an injury caused by a sharp weapon. (Source: ) Eleven months after many police officers were suspended for alleged links with slain Maoist-turned gangster Mohammed Nayeemuddin, the Commissioner of Inquiries has formally initiated a probe against suspended additional superintendent of police (CID) M Srinivas Rao. Sources said the officer has appeared before the retired Commissioner of Inquiries Sami Reddy at Masab Tank office. The home department had recently issued GO no 580, entrusting the inquiry against M Srinivas Rao to Commissioner of Inquiries. It is learnt that Inspector General of Police Y Nagi Reddy, who heads the Special Investigation Team appointed to probe the case, has furnished all relevant documents before the commissioner. (Source: ) Three bike-borne assailants shot dead two custodians of a cash collection van and robbed Rs 12 lakh in Rohini district’s Narela on Thursday, 26 April, police said. Nobody has been arrested yet and police have formed several teams to conduct raids and nab the assailants. According to police, the incident took place around 2.30 pm when the van had come to pick up cash from a wine shop at Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (DSIIDC) industrial area, in Narela. “Cashier Rajnikant and the guard, Prem Kumar, came out from the van to collect cash when suddenly the assailants arrived at the spot and fired at them. The two were shot at by three unidentified motorcycle-borne persons. Both victims were rushed to Raja Harishchandra Hospital in Narela, where they succumbed to their injuries later,” a senior police officer said. (Source: ) Former Haryana minister and Congress leader Nirmal Singh, along with one of his supporters, has been arrested for allegedly firing at owner of a screening plant and a few of his workers following an altercation over right to passage in Yamunanagar district on Wednesday, 25 April. Singh was produced before a local court on Thursday, 26 April, from where he was sent to the judicial custody. Singh and 15 others were booked for attempt to murder. SHO of Khizrabad Police Station, Bal Raj, said that apart from Nirmal Singh, his servant Chhota Aslam has also been arrested and sent to the judicial custody. A Trinamool Congress leader in Sinthee, Kolkata, has been arrested for allegedly extorting money from residents of the area who either bought new houses or even renovated their homes. The accused, identified as Iman Bose, was arrested by the Sinthee police late on Tuesday following a complaint lodged by Dilip Ghosh, a resident of south Sinthee. According to the complainant, Bose sent his men across from the time he had started redeveloping his residence. “The accused got a woman to enter the residence for a day through fraudulent means and then, claimed she was a tenant at my house. Bose, a prominent face of the Yuva Trinamool Congress in the Sinthee and Dum Dum areas, then demanded that Rs 10 lakh-Rs 12 lakh be paid as settlement,” Ghosh told police. (Source: ) A jeweller from Dongri, Mumbai, has been arrested for duping a city jewellery firm of gold worth Rs 13 crore on the pretext of selling it in Hyderabad for a commission. Besides arresting Latesh Jain, 32, the economic offences wing (EOW) of the city police has detained a Hyderabad-based jeweller Akshay. Latesh claims he handed over the gold to Akshay, which he is denying. The cops brought him over after he could not explain the presence of jewellery worth over Rs 20 lakh in his store. Latesh, a resident of Navroj Hill in Dongri, has been remanded to police custody till 2 May. The police are on the lookout for Rajendra Raval, Latesh’s accomplice. (Source: ) A 72-year-old British national awarded three years imprisonment by a Tirunelvelicourt two weeks ago for sexual abuse of a teenage boy in his NGO is suspected to have fled the country. While Adrian Philips, legal head of Justice and Care whose complaint led to Jonathan Robinson's arrest in 2011, said he left for home on Wednesday,25 April, the Tirunelveli police said they were not sure. Robinson was convicted on 13 April by Valliyoor judicial magistrate M Senthil Kumar and granted bail the same day as the sentence period was only three years and had now left the country without spending a day in jail, thanks to the loopholes in the criminal justice system, Adrian said. (Source: ) A special Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act court on Thursday, 26 April, convicted and sentenced a 35-year-old man to three years in jail for grabbing the hand of a 13-year-old and kissing her on the cheek in 2015. The accused, a neighbour of the victim, was found guilty on charges of outraging the modesty of the child and sexual harassment. The minor told the court that on 27 August, 2015, the accused called out to her. When she went toward him, he caught her hand and kissed her on the cheek. (Source: ) (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Senior advocate Indu Malhotra was sworn in as a Supreme Court judge on Friday, 27 April, by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra. This makes her the first woman lawyer to be directly elevated to the position of an apex court judge. Earlier this year, the collegium had recommended the names of Malhotra and Uttarakhand High Court Chief Justice KM Joseph for elevation to the top court. While Malhotra’s name was cleared, sources in the Law Ministry told PTI that the recommendation of Justice Joseph has been kept on hold by the government. The Supreme Court rebuked lawyers who wanted a stay on the warrant of appointment of Indu Malhotra as judge of apex court. CJI Dipak Misra said it was "unthinkable, unimaginable, inconceivable" to stay the Presidential warrant for appointment of Indu Malhotra as the top court judge. Currently, Justice R Banumathi is the only woman judge in the Supreme Court. Notably, Malhotra was also the second woman to be given the designation of senior advocate by the apex court, with late Justice Leila Seth being the first. According to a PTI report, the Supreme Court collegium’s file, recommending the elevation of Justice Joseph and Malhotra, reached the Law Ministry on 22 January. The judge, who set aside the imposition of President’s rule in Uttarakhand in April 2016, is 42nd in the seniority list of 669 high court judges. While recommending the name of Justice Joseph for the top court, the collegium had said that he is "more deserving and suitable in all respects than other chief justices and senior puisne judges of high courts for being appointed as judge of the Supreme Court of India". The collegium had taken into consideration combined seniority on all-India basis of chief justices and senior puisne judges of high courts, apart from their merit and integrity, the body of top five judges of the Supreme Court had said. Earlier, legal experts had cautioned the government against accepting one of the recommendations of the Supreme Court collegium while keeping the other one on hold, pointing out that a Chief Justice of India had told the Law Ministry not to "segregate" names sent for appointment. Sources told PTI that when legal experts were asked whether the collegium's recommendation could be segregated, they reminded the government of a letter written in June 2014 by then Chief Justice of India RM Lodha, in which he had made it clear that the executive cannot segregate recommendations without prior approval of the collegium. President of Supreme Court Bar Association, Advocate Vikas Singh, criticised the government for interfering with the judiciary, by making just one appointment. He told reporters that the matter should be taken up with the government. He also raised questions about the procedure followed by the government in not clearing Justice KM Joseph’s name. He told ANI:    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Images of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan will be displayed on two tiles in houses to be built in Madhya Pradesh under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY), according to a state government order that has sparked criticism from the opposition which alleged that a wrong precedent was being set by "politicising" a scheme meant for the poor. Each unit will have two such tiles — one on the kitchen wall and the other at the entrance of the house, the order issued by Urban Administration and Development Department of the state government on 4 April said. It directed the commissioners of municipal corporations and chief municipal officers of municipalities in the state to ensure that the two ceramic tiles of 450X600 mm size each are installed in every PMAY house. The middle portion of each tile will have 'Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana - Urban' written in English as well as Hindi along with the scheme's logo. While Modi's photo will be on the left side of this logo, Chouhan's will be on the right. Next to the slogan on the top, the logo of the state government and a small-size picture of BJP ideologue Deendayal Upadhyay will be printed. The order was issued following the directives given by the Chief Minister on 2 January, during a meeting on the PMAY scheme. However, the opposition Congress termed the move as "completely wrong". The ruling saffron party, however, maintained that there was nothing wrong in it. State BJP spokesperson Rajnish Agrawal said, "There was no intention of politicising any issue. This is for the first time in the country's history that a target has been set to provide a house to every poor. There is nothing wrong if the pictures of the PM and the CM are being put up at the entrance and inside the kitchen." (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
The West Bengal panchayat polls will be held on 14 May and counting will be three days later, the State Election Commission (SEC) notified on Thursday, 26 April. With this, the poll body cancelled its earlier plans of holding a three-phase poll, accepting the state government’s proposal for a single-phase election — a plan that the Opposition has criticised on grounds of security. The state government had earlier said that it hoped the SEC would keep in mind Ramzan, which begins 15 May, and possible inclement weather. Hours before the poll body notified the new polling dates, the state government had suggested that the elections be held on 14 May and counting two days later. (Source: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has strongly opposed the shifting of population base from 1971 to 2011 by 15th Finance Commission, while making fresh recommendations. Banerjee is the first chief minister in the country who has taken up the issue with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a letter earlier this week. In her letter, she argued that the population base shift will penalise those states, which have effectively implemented social and family welfare programmes in the last few years. Banerjee pointed out that the state, as per calculation, would lose between Rs 22,000 crore to Rs 35,000 crore from 2020-2025 only, owing to use of 2011 census population. Southern states have also raised voices against the shift of population base. (Source: A night-long raid at an ice factory in Rajabazar starting late on Wednesday, 25 April, yielded as much as 20 tonnes of carcass meat, packed and ready to be sold. The raid, a week after police arrested three people on the charge of carrying carcass meat, proves something that law-enforcement agencies had long suspected: carcass-meat is not a one-off affair; it’s a well organised industry, much bigger than previously thought. Nine people have been arrested so far, including the three last week. According to the cops, the trio claimed the carcass meat was mostly of stray dogs and cats. KMC has, however, advised caution and scientific tests before drawing any conclusion. (Source: Jadavpur University (JU) teachers on Thursday, 26 April, staged a sit-in against the draft West Bengal Universities and Colleges (Administration and Regulations) Rules. A government committee recently formulated the 28-page rules, which propose restrictions on teachers. A copy of the draft was leaked recently. Some sections of the draft rules prevent teachers in service from criticising the state government and its decisions publicly especially in the media. The JU professors have criticised the draft, calling it an attempt to curb the freedom of expression of college and university teachers. “We demand the scrapping of the draft rules of West Bengal Universities and Colleges (Administration and Regulations) Act. We also want the state government to scrap the act as well,’’ said Jadavpur University Teachers’ Association assistant secretary Partha Pratim Ray. (Source: Police on Thursday, 26 April, arrested a teacher in Kasba on the charge of sexually assaulting a teenager last Saturday. In her complaint with Kasba police station, the 15-year-old girl accused Arup Malakar, 46, who runs a coaching centre on the second floor of his house on Rajdanga Main Road, of making physical contact with her and threatening her with dire consequences if she reported the matter. Malakar's family lives on the ground floor, the police said. "According to the complaint, the alleged incident occurred last Saturday," an officer of Kasba police station said. "The teacher made physical contact with her and warned her against reporting the matter." Preliminary investigations revealed Malakar had been committing the offence for the past few months, the officer said. "He would ask girl students to visit the coaching centre individually on the pretext of giving special classes and commit the crime. He would them threaten them with dire consequences if they dared to speak out," he said. At least two other girls have been sexually harassed in a similar manner, the police claimed. (Source: The Bar Association of Calcutta High Court on Thursday, 26 April, decided to continue the ceasework till 11 May despite objections from a section of lawyers who wanted to end the protest that has crippled the court for over two months. The decision was taken at a general body meeting of the bar where the pro-strike group forced the other side to adopt a resolution to continuing with the agitation at least till the four new judges are sworn in. The Centre has cleared the four names, all advocates of the court, and sent them to the President for their appointment. The papers have already reached Calcutta. The ceasework had been called in mid-February to demand filling up of vacant judge posts. (Source: A squall that clocked 80kmph, and accompanying showers, brought a much-needed reprieve to the city after soaring humidity and temperature had made conditions sultry and uncomfortable during the day. The storm uprooted two trees in the Hastings area and on Judges Court Road in Alipore, caused flight diversions and stalled trains on the Sealdah-Budge Budge section. No injuries were reported till late on Thursday, 26 April. The last squall that hit the city - on 17 April - had claimed 11 lives in Calcutta and Howrah. The storm had clocked 98kmph that day. This was the season's fifth squall in Calcutta. Thunderstorms are on the cards on Friday as well. The rain started around 7.45pm and continued late into the night. By 8.30pm, many places in Calcutta received over 25mm of rainfall. (Source: (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
It’s going to be an action-packed day in the Supreme Court on Friday, 27 April, with important pleas – including the transfer of the Kathua rape case, the Ayodhya dispute and Shanti Bhushan’s plea on the master of roster controversy – scheduled to be held. Senior advocate Indu Malhotra will also be administered oath by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra inside the apex court premises on Friday. The Supreme Court will hear the plea of two of the accused in the gang-rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in Kathua that the trial be held in Jammu and the probe handed over to the CBI. A bench of Chief Justice Dipak Misra and Justices AM Khanwilkar and DY Chandrachud considered the plea of the accused, Sanji Ram and Vishal Jangotra, that they be impleaded as parties to the petition filed by the victim's father, PTI reported. The eight-year-old's father had moved the apex court apprehending a threat to his family, a friend and their lawyer, Deepika Singh Rajawat. The court is also scheduled to examine a PIL filed by former law minister Shanti Bhushan challenging the existing roster practice of allocation of cases by the Chief Justice of India. A bench comprising Justices AK Sikri and Ashok Bhushan sought the assistance of Attorney General KK Venugopal and Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta in dealing with the PIL, stating that the CJI cannot exercise arbitrary power in allocation of cases, PTI reported. Senior advocate Indu Malhotra’s appointment is also marred with controversies. While Malhotra's name was recommended by the Supreme Court Collegium for elevation along with that of Uttarakhand High Court Chief Justice KM Joseph, the Centre has sought reconsideration of the proposal for the latter. Earlier, the SC refused to stay the Presidential warrant appointing Malhotra as an apex court judge, and termed the plea of advocates on it as "unimaginable," "unthinkable," "unconscionable" and "never heard before," PTI reported. Over 100 Supreme Court Bar Association members had mentioned the plea alleging that the Centre was interfering with the administration and independence of the judiciary by selectively acting upon the Collegium's recommendation for appointment in the Supreme Court. The apex court is also slated to resume hearing in the Ayodhya-Babri Masjid land dispute case. The bench will hear 13 appeals filed against the 2010 judgment of the Allahabad High Court that mandated a three-way division of the disputed site in Ayodhya, reported ANI. Earlier, the SC dismissed all 32 intervention petitions, including those filed by Shyam Benegal, Aparna Sen, and Teesta Setalvad, in the case. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Panchayat elections in West Bengal will be held on a single day on 14 May, the State Election Commission (SEC) announced on Thursday, 26 April, reported PTI. According to a  report, the commission also announced that the counting of votes will be conducted on 17 May, and re-polling is schedule to be conducted on 16 May wherever required. Earlier, the SEC had announced that the polling would be held in three phases, on 1, 2 and 5 May. The polling had to be deferred after opposition parties moved courts alleging violence and intimidation by the ruling party during the nomination process. “The panchayat election will be held on 14 May," a spokesman of the SEC told PTI. The BJP had previously alleged that the Trinamool Congress had indulged in large scale poll violence in order to stop its candidates from filing nominations for the panchayat polls. The BJP had also alleged that the assistant panchayat electoral registration officers were refusing to give nomination forms to BJP candidates. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
After his "Internet in the Mahabharata era" remark, Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb claimed on Thursday, 26 April, that the international beauty pageants were a farce and questioned the rationale behind crowning Diana Hayden "Miss World" 21 years ago. The BJP leader, however, was all praise for Aishwarya Rai, who won the Miss World crown in 1994, saying she "represents the Indian women" in the true sense. Deb's comments came days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi cautioned the BJP leaders to steer clear of controversies and not offer " " to the media by making irresponsible statements. The Tripura Chief Minister also claimed that the international beauty contests were a farce as the results were all predetermined. Addressing a day-long design workshop on handlooms and handicrafts at the Prajna Bhavan in Agartala, Deb spoke in a mixture of Bengali and Hindi: " " (There will be a controversy. What are you saying Biplab Deb?) "They make the girls walk with fabric on the ramps. Those who give the certificates are all international textile market mafia. They plan beforehand who will get the award and this is 100 percent true," the BJP leader said. He said he failed to understand the "process of judgement" of the crowning of the Miss World contest in 1997, in which Diana Hayden had got the award. Earlier this month, Deb had claimed that Internet and satellite communication existed in the days of Mahabharata.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
The elevation of one of the two jurists recommended by the collegium as Supreme Court judges on Thursday, 26 April, evoked a sharp reaction, with former Finance Minister P Chidambaram questioning if the Modi government was above the law. Meanwhile, Subramanian Swamy, BJP leader and a regular petitioner at the Supreme Court, said that the Congress’ stand on the issue reflected its frustration. "On one hand, they accuse the CJI being inclined to BJP and on the other, they are saying we have ignored him. The Congress party is just frustrated," he said. Dealing a major blow to the Modi government, a bench headed by Uttarakhand High Court Chief Justice KM Joseph in 2016 had quashed the imposition of President rule in the state and had revived the Congress government headed by Harish Rawat. Later, the Congress lost the Assembly election. The reactions of Chidambaram and others come amidst reports that the government had cleared the appointment of senior advocate Indu Malhotra as a judge of the Supreme Court, but not that of Joseph. Meanwhile, law ministry sources say that the government has asked the collegium to reconsider the recommendation to elevate Justice Joseph as a judge of the top court. The Supreme Court Bar Association (SCBA) President Vikas Singh, speaking in his individual capacity, expressed concern over the delay in the appointment of Justice Joseph and said "this kind of interference by the executive is definitely uncalled for." "Government will be responsible. This kind of interference by the executive is definitely uncalled for. By delaying this, they have definitely interfered in seniority rules and in that sense they have interfered in the functioning of judiciary. A very serious matter. The civil society and the judges of the Supreme Court in full court should discuss and take it up with the government," Singh told PTI. Activist lawyer Prashant Bhushan shared Singh’s views, and was vocal in criticising the Centre, alleging that the government was trying to erode and destroy the independence of judiciary by not appointing those recommended by the collegium. "Justice KM Joseph's instance is a very clear one, whose name has been stalled, which was recommended by the collegium four months ago. The name was unanimously recommended by the collegium and yet it has been stalled by the government because he gave a judgment in Uttarakhand case against the government. "It is very shameful and shocking for a government which talks about the independence of judiciary to try and erode the independence of judiciary by sitting on appointment of people that it doesn't like," Bhushan said. On 22 January, the apex court collegium's file recommending the elevation of Justice Joseph and Malhotra reached the law ministry. After processing the file in the first week of February, the recommendations were kept in abeyance as the government wanted to elevate only Malhotra. But now, the government has gone ahead with the appointment of Malhotra and asked the collegium to reconsider the elevation of Joseph. The government feels that while recommending the name of Joseph, the collegium has disregarded seniority and regional representation. He is 42nd in the seniority list of 669 high court judges. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Supreme Court rebuked lawyers who wanted a stay on warrant of appointment of Senior Advocate Indu Malhotra as judge of apex court on Thursday, 26 April, stating that it was against “constitutional propriety”. The apex court refused to stay the appointment of Justice Malhotra on the ground that the Centre has stalled the appointment of Uttarakhand Chief Justice KM Joseph. Just minutes later, Justice Malhotra was appointed as a SC judge. Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra said it was "unthinkable, unimaginable, inconceivable" to stay the Presidential warrant for appointment of Malhotra as SC judge. Over a hundred lawyers have reportedly signed a resolution seeking urgent convening of Supreme Court Bar Association (SCBA) meeting to discuss the controversies over the appointment of judges. Justice Chandrachud said that it was against “constitutional propriety” to reject Justice Malhotra’s name, adding that it will not affect Justice Joseph’s career. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Congress on Thursday, 26 April, appointed senior leader Kamal Nath as president of its Madhya Pradesh unit and Jyotiraditya Scindia as campaign committee chief ahead of elections in the state expected later in 2018, said a statement from the party. The party also appointed Girish Chodankar as the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) chief for Goa, replacing Shantaram Naik following his resignation. The party also appointed four working presidents – Bala Bachhan, Ramnivas Rawat, Jitu Patwari and Surender Chaudhary – in the Madhya Pradesh state unit. The appointments come a few months before the state Assembly elections, where the Congress is seeking to wrest power from the BJP. The chief ministerial candidate has not yet been decided as the choice still seems open with both Kamal Nath and Scindia in the race, a party leader said. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Supporters of JD(U) rebel Sharad Yadav on Thursday announced the formation of Loktantrik Janata Dal (LJD), a new political outfit that marks a formal split in the Nitish Kumar-led party. Yadav, however, said that the LJD would have his blessings. “A national conference of the newly-formed outfit will be organised on 18 May, and Yadav will be present for it as a (mentor),” Morale told reporters here. However, she categorically stated that Yadav would not be a part of the new party. A case is pending before the Delhi High Court in connection with the claim staked on the JD(U)'s arrow symbol by the Sharad Yadav-led faction after the Election Commission rejected its plea for granting it the symbol. In December 2017, Yadav had also moved the Delhi High Court seeking the setting aside of his disqualification from the Rajya Sabha. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
The Uttar Pradesh government has decided to drop two cases of hate speech and criminal charges against Hindu political activist Sadhvi Prachi, two Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MPs and three BJP MLAs, reported . This comes as  initiated by the state government to withdraw 131 cases, including 13 of murder and 11 of attempt to murder, related to the riots in Muzaffarnagar and Shamli in 2013. The two cases that have been decided to be dropped now are connected with the mahapanchayats in Muzaffarnagar before violence broke out in the region in 2013, reported . After two mahapanchayats were held in on 31 August 2013 and 7 September 2013 over the lynching of Sachin and Gaurav, the two cases in conversation were registered. Gaurav and Sachin were lynched after the murder of Shahnawaz in Kawaal village on 27 August. The three killings had marred the district with violence. The cases came under scanner again when in January, this year, UP's law department sent a letter to the Muzaffarnagar district magistrate asking for details, reported . The daily, quoting sources, said the district magistrate has not submitted the report to the law department since the Muzaffarnagar police has not yet given an opinion. At least 62 persons died and a large number of people were left homeless in the riots that took place in September 2013 in Muzaffarnagar. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Sunrisers Hyderabad defeated Kings XI Punjab by 13 runs, after bowling them out for 119 in the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2018 match on Thursday. Demoted to Number 3, Kings XI Punjab squandered a watchful 55-run opening start from Chris Gayle and Lokesh Rahul as Rashid (3/19) and Shakib (2/18) triggered a batting collapse to see the team home amid thunderous applause from the vociferous crowd at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium. While Gayle (23 off 22 balls; 4x1, 6x2) started with a thunderous six over off-spinner Mohammad Nabi's head before going into a shell, Rahul (32 off 26; 4x4, 6x1) sent the Afghan tweaker to the cleaners on three consecutive occasions to outscore his West Indian opening partner. Rahul's innings was laced with a range of stylish cover drives and straight drives even as Gayle found back his groove by welcoming medium pacer Basil Thampi for a thunderous six, and helping his side past the 50-run mark. With Punjab sailing smoothly towards the target, Kane Williamson brought in his strike bowler Rashid Khan, who responded in style by hammering Rahul's off-stump with a googly. Thampi (2/14) then joined the party by getting the better of Gayle, who miscued a short ball to non-existent square-leg only to find the bowler completing a clean catch. At 57/2, Punjab needed to start afresh with Mayank Agarwal (12) and Karun Nair (13) joining forces, but left-arm spinner Shakib Al Hasan nipped the partnership in the bud with the wicket of Agarwal. Nair departed soon after failing to read Rashid's googly which trapped him plumb in front even as Manoj Tiwary (1) was welcomed with a couple of fiery lbw appeals from the Afghan. Punjab's nightmare continued in the next over when Shakib sent Aaron Finch (8) packing after being clobbered for a massive six on the previous ball. Medium pacer Sandeep Sharma added salt to Punjab's woes by packing Tiwary soon after as the visitors' chase derailed after losing six wickets in a span of just 37 runs. Skipper Ravichandran Ashwin (4), Andrew Tye (4) and Barinder Sran (2) could hardly offer any resistance as the home bowlers continued their stronghold. With the target gradually getting out of Punjab's hands, tailenders Mujeeb Ur Rahman (10 not out) and Ankit Rajpoot (8) got a few hits before Thampi uprooted Rajpoot's middle stick to take his team home. Earlier, medium pacer Ankit Rajpoot (5/14) ripped through the Hyderabad batting to restrict them to a paltry 132. The 24-year-old Rajpoot started off with the key wickets of skipper Kane Williamson (0), Shikhar Dhawan (11) and Wriddhiman Saha (6) from his first three overs before returning to pick up Manish Pandey (54) and Mohammad Nabi (4) in the final over of the innings. Put in to bat, the hosts were saved from the blushes by Pandey's fighting 51-ball knock, laced with three fours and a six after Rajpoot reduced them to 27/3 in the first five overs. Pandey, however found a companion in Bangladesh skipper Shakib, who made the most of the two reprieves, striking a 29-ball 28, laced with three hits to the fence and forged a 52-run fourth wicket stand. But the joy was short-lived as 17-year-old mystery spinner Mujeeb Ur Rahman ended the partnership with the wicket of Shakib. Shakib's dismissal brought in an experienced Yusuf Pathan (21 not out off 19; 4x1, 6x1) who was forced to curb his natural game, even as Pandey reached his fifty by sending Tye's slower one to the extra cover boundary. Afghan all-rounder Nabi then joined Pathan for the final two deliveries but couldn't trouble the scorers much as Rajpoot had the last laugh.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Speaking with candidates, office-bearers and elected representatives of the BJP’s Karnataka wing, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday, 26 April, attacked the Opposition for “indulging in lollipop politics of caste and religion”. Modi’s message was broadcast via the Narendra Modi app, his YouTube channel and news agency ANI. As Karnataka is set to go to polls, PM Modi will be travelling to Udupi on 1 May, where he will be visiting the Shri Krishna Mutt, and will later address a massive public rally. Reports suggest the PM is likely to campaign for 6 days in the poll-bound state. Karnataka will go to polls on 12 May and the results are expected on 15 May. The PM used the video message to not just set the tone for his campaigning in the Karnataka polls but also to ask BJP workers to be prepared to keep the party in power till 2024. The prime minister also responded to questions by three Karnataka MLAs on the farmer woes, tackling urban infrastructure with regard to Bengaluru, and the party’s overall agenda for the state elections. He appealed to the of the state to work for BJP’s win, till the date of elections, and have “complete trust” in . (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Winless Mumbai Indians will pit their might against the formidable Royal Challengers Bangalore in an adrenaline-charged Indian Premier League match in Mumbai on Tuesday, 17 April. Both teams, with a plethora of explosive batsmen, are yet to find their feet in the T20 league, and would be keen to gather some momentum with a victory here at the Wankhede Stadium. Both the games held so far have gone down to the wire, and on both occasions, MI have had their chances to go across the line and fumbled on the doorstep – against Chennai Super Kings in the season opener and then Delhi Daredevils. In between, they had also lost to Sunrisers Hyderabad in their first away game of the season, so that the three-time champions led by Rohit Sharma are placed at the bottom of the eight-team table. MI has been in worse situations before recovering poise to become eventual champions. RCB started off on the losing note away from home to Kolkata Knight Riders, brought their campaign on track immediately with a convincing victory over Kings XI Punjab at home, and then lost a high-scoring game to Rajasthan Royals at home on Sunday, 15 April. RCB's bowlers, especially Umesh Yadav, who had broken the back of KXIP innings with a three-wicket burst in one over, went for plenty against the Royals who set up the highest total so far of the season, 217, by riding on Sanju Samson's blistering 45-ball 92 not out. After the pace trio's profligacy, RCB need to set right their bowling woes as MI possess a strong batting line up that threatened to score over 200 in their previous game before the Daredevils bowlers restricted them below that threshold. Barring leggie Yuzvendra Chahal, who bowled brilliantly to grab 2 for 22, the other RCB bowlers had an off day against the Royals. But on the positive side was the encouraging return to form of captain Virat Kohli who struck a quick-fire 57. MI's batting, on the other hand, failed to rocket off in the first two games and when it clicked, the bowlers lost the plot. The move to promote local guy Suryakumar Yadav has been a success, but their best batsman, skipper Rohit, is yet to make a big contribution with the bat. The Pandya brothers – Hardik and Krunal – along with giant West Indian Kieron Pollard too have not made big impacts in the first three games. Rookie leg spinner Mayank Markhande has been their most successful bowler with good economy rate along with Mustafizur Rehman, but Jasprit Bumrah has also not lived up to his tag of the world's best white ball bowler. MI have replaced injured Australian fast bowler Pat Cummins with New Zealander Adam Milne and will be looking up to a comprehensive combined show to avoid a fourth straight defeat of the season. Teams: Mumbai Indians: Rohit Sharma (captain), Jasprit Bumrah, Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard, Mustafizur Rahman, Suryakumar Yadav, Krunal Pandya, Ishan Kishan, Rahul Chahar, Evin Lewis, Saurabh Tiwary, Ben Cutting, Pradeep Sangwan, Jean-Paul Duminy, Tajinder Singh, Sharad Lumba, Siddhesh Lad, Aditya Tare, Mayank Markande, Akila Dhananjaya, Anukul Roy, Mohsin Khan, MD Nidheesh, Mitchell McClenaghan, Adam Milne. Royal Challengers Bangalore: Virat Kohli (captain), Quinton de Kock(w), Brendon McCullum, AB de Villiers, Sarfaraz Khan, Mandeep Singh, Chris Woakes, Washington Sundar, Kulwant Khejroliya, Umesh Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Colin de Grandhomme, Moeen Ali, Manan Vohra, Aniket Choudhary, Navdeep Saini, Murugan Ashwin, Pawan Negi, Mohammed Siraj, Corey Anderson, Parthiv Patel, Aniruddha Joshi, Pavan Deshpande, Tim Southee. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
A total of 58 current MPs and MLAs have declared cases related to hate speech, with BJP having the maximum number of such politicians, a report said on 26 April. "15 sitting Lok Sabha MPs have declared cases related to hate speech against themselves. None of the Rajya Sabha MPs have declared cases related to hate speech," a report by Delhi-based think-tank Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) said. BJP has 27 MPs, MLAs with such cases, All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) has 6, TRS (6), TDP (3), SHS (3), AITC (2), INC (2), IND (2), JD(U) (2), AIUDF (1), BSP (1), DMK (1), PMK (1) and SP (1), the ADR report added. "Political party leaders such as Asaduddin Owaisi (AIMIM) and Badruddin Ajmal (AIUDF) have declared cases related to hate speech against themselves," ADR said. Also, Uma Bharti, Union Cabinet Minister for Drinking Water and Sanitation, has declared such cases along with eight state ministers, the report added. Among party-wise distribution of MLAs, 17 sitting MLAs with such declared cases are from BJP, five each are from TRS and AIMIM, three from TDP, two each from INC, AITC, JD(U) and SHS, one each from DMK, BSP, SP and two Independent MLAs, the report added. ADR and National Election Watch (NEW) have analysed the self-sworn affidavits of all sitting MPs and MLAs. The analysis reveals that many of them have declared cases related to hate speech. The analysis is based on the affidavits submitted by the candidates and MPs/MLAs prior to the last election they contested. The report further said 11 sitting MLAs with such cases are from Telangana, four from Bihar, nine from Uttar Pradesh and four from Maharashtra. Besides, three MLAs each are from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, two each from Uttarakhand and West Bengal and one MLA each from Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan and Jharkhand. ADR said it believes that strict action must be taken against the candidates giving hate speech prior and during elections, and against the elected legislators even after elections, if found guilty of indulging in hate speech. On Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked BJP leaders to refrain from making "irresponsible" statements, saying such comments hurt the party's image. Also, in the last five years, 28 independent candidates with declared cases related to hate speech have contested elections for state assemblies, Lok/Rajya Sabha. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Student activists from Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), Kanhaiya Kumar and Shehla Rashid, who led the university's protests from the forefront in 2016 have reportedly indicated that they will be contesting in the Lok Sabha elections in 2019. While Kumar was elected president of the university's student body, Rashid was elected vice president. Kumar was a representative of Communist Party of India-affiliated All India Students’ Federation (AISF), and Rashid was a member of CPI-ML-affiliated All India Students’ Association. Speaking to , Kanhaiya Kumar said that one should never rule out him contesting elections. He reportedly added that if the Rashtriya janata Dal (RJD), along with the Congress and the Left formed an alliance in Bihar, the state Kumar hails from, he can be their candidate. Stating that he would contest elections on a big political party's ticket, rather than as an independent, Kumar reportedly said: Speaking to the about her plans for the 2019 elections, Rashid said that she hadn't picked a constituency yet, but she wasn't averse to the idea of contesting the polls. Both Kumar and Rashid have been vocal in criticising the Narendra Modi-led BJP government at the Centre. They reportedly added that it was important for "liberal, progressive forces" to forge a larger alliance in the run up to 2019. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
A stunning six from captain MS Dhoni, and 82 runs off 53 balls by Ambati Rayudu, led Chennai Super Kings to victory over Virat Kohli’s Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League(IPL) match on 25 April. Dhoni smashed seven sixes and a four and featured in a match-winning century stand with Ambati Rayudu (82) as Chennai reached 207-5 with two balls to spare. Royal Challengers’ opening duo of captain Virat Kohli and Quinton de Kock scored 35 runs, before Kohli got out, dismissed off a ball from Shardul Thakur. Quinton de Kock and AB de Villiers’ partnership carried RCB to 87/1 in 10 overs. Quinton de Kock scored 53 off 37 balls and De Villiers crossed 68 off 30 balls, before the two were dismissed. Rayudu and Dhoni put Chennai back in the hunt with some brilliant display of power hitting after Chennai struggled at 74-4 in nine overs. Legspinner Yuzvendra Chahal (2-26) and seamer Umesh Yadav (1-23) bowled economical spells upfront before Rayudu, who hit eight sixes and three fours, and Dhoni took charge by clearing the short boundaries. "Rayudu is important in this line-up because he keeps the scoreboard moving, and small grounds are ideal for him," Dhoni said. Both batsmen targeted seamers Corey Anderson (0-58) and Mohammad Siraj (0-48) in the latter part of the innings which left Bangalore captain Virat Kohli disappointed. "Dhoni is looking in really good touch, he's hitting the ball really well in this IPL but not great to see it against us." Rayudu got a life on 61 when Yadav dropped a sitter but made amends when he ran him out of a direct throw in the 18th over. Needing 16 off the last over, Dwayne Bravo (14 not out) hit Anderson for a four and six off the first two deliveries to ease out pressure. And Dhoni finished off the game by lofting the New Zealand seamer over the long-on boundary for a winning six. "What's important in a chase is to know which bowler has how many (overs) left and who the captain will bowl when, and you play accordingly," Dhoni said. De Villiers' blistering knock off 30 balls included eight sixes and two fours as he put on 103 runs with De Kock off just 53 balls. But Bangalore lost three wickets for four runs as Bravo (2-33) took a smart return catch to dismiss De Kock and De Villiers got a leading edge off leg-spinner Imran Tahir (2-35). Mandeep Singh survived a first ball missed stumping by Dhoni before played a little cameo of 32 runs off 17 balls which carried Bangalore beyond the 200-run mark. Chennai now has 10 points from five wins in six matches while Bangalore is at Number 6 with four points from just two victories.     (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Jammu and Kashmir People’s Democratic Party (PDP) leader Ghulam Nabi Patel was killed, and two policemen were injured, in a militant attack in Pulwama district on Wednesday, 25 April, an official told PTI. The militants fled with their service rifles, according to ANI. The other two injured – both policemen – were being treated at a hospital and their condition was stated to be stable, he said. Security forces have cordoned off the area and a hunt has been launched to nab the attackers, the official said. Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti condemned the attack. Former Chief Minister Omar Abdullah also expressed his condolences. Patel, formerly a Congress leader, later joined the PDP. Abdullah slammed both the parties for allegedly ‘disowning’ him as their leader.   (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Sunrisers Hyderabad defeated Mumbai Indians by 31 runs in a low-scoring IPL match on Tuesday, 24 April, forcing the defending champions into their fifth loss in six games in the 2018 edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL). Mumbai ended Hyderabad’s innings at 118 runs in 18.4 overs, setting a seemingly low target. But hosts Mumbai Indians were sent packing, all out for 87 in 18.5 overs at Wankhede Stadium. Hyderabad ended their two-match losing run and are third in the points table with eight points from six matches. Earlier in the first innings, put in to bat, the Sunrisers failed to recover from the dreadful start, of being reduced to 46/4 inside the powerplay, with Shikhar Dhawan (5), Wriddhiman Saha (0), Manish Pandey (16) and Shakib Al Hasan (2) all back in the hut inside the first six overs. Skipper Kane Williamson waged a lone battle with a fighting 21-ball 29, laced with five hits to the fence before veteran Baroda batsman Yusuf Pathan (29 off 33 balls; 4x2, 6x1) took on the mantle, despite losing his partners at regular intervals. Dhawan, who returned to the playing XI after missing the previous game against Chennai Super Kings (CSK), looked uncomfortable after being hit on his thigh and was bowled by Mitchell McClenaghan the very next ball. One ball later, Saha perished for nought after being caught behind by Ishan Kishan off McClenaghan. With the team struggling at 20/2, Manish joined Williamson for a brief 24-run third wicket stand before Hardik ended Manish's stay with a wide delivery, comfortably caught by skipper Rohit Sharma at cover. Mumbai could not have asked for a better start, with Bangladesh all-rounder Shakib falling prey to confusion, and Suryakumar Yadav's direct throw at the stumps was enough to reduce the visitors to 46/4. Pathan then joined Williamson, who looked fluent with his strokes but lost concentration on the very first ball after the strategic time-out to be caught behind by Kishan off Hardik Pandya. With Williamson back in the dug-out, Mohammed Nabi (14) joined Pathan for a brief 23-run sixth-wicket stand before leg-spinner Mayank Markande's googly clipped the top of middle and leg of the Afghanistan all-rounder. Sunrisers fell prey to yet another confusion in the middle, this time losing the wicket of tail ender Siddharth Kaul (2), comfortably run out by Hardik. With Sandeep Sharma (0 not out) in company, Pathan's ploy of playing the waiting game only resulted in a monstrous six off Mustafizur Rahman, but the Bangladeshi came back in style to pack back the right-hander the next ball, and restrict Sunrisers for a meagre 118. During the chase, Mumbai too began on a horrendous note. Ervin Lewis (5), Ishan Kishan (0) and Rohit Sharma (2) fell soon as the hosts were reduced to 21/3 in 5.2 overs. Suryakumar and Krunal Pandya then shared a handy 40-run partnership to keep Mumbai on track. Leg-spinner Rashid Khan got a LBW decision against Krunal to break the partnership, with Mumbai needing 58 from 8.2 overs. Rashid struck again to dismiss Kieron Pollard (9) in the first delivery of the 14th over to increase the visitors's hopes - which grew further when Suryakumar was caught by Rashid off Thampi in the following over. At this juncture, Mumbai were 77/6, still needing 42 off 5.1 overs. In the following over, medium pacer Siddharth Kaul got two LBW decisions against Mitchell McClenaghan (0) and Mayank Markande (1) as Mumbai tottered at 80/8 at the end of 17 overs. Amidst all this, India all-rounder Hardik Pandya had scored just three runs off 16 deliveries and was Mumbai's sole hope. But Kaul made him his third wicket when he was caught by Thampi at third man in the fourth delivery of the 18th over. Thamp then had Mustafizur Rahman (1) caught by Deepak Hooda at midwicket to complete Mumbai's annihilation. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Speaking at an event at the Aligarh Muslim University (AMU), Congress senior leader Salman Khurshid said that if the party has blood on its hands, then it will show these stains so that others can learn from its mistakes. Soon after, the former External Affairs Minister took to Twitter to express his anguish on being ‘misinterpreted’ by the media. Khurshid’s initial statement had come in response to a question raised by a former student of the university, who asked the senior Congress leader what would he say about his party’s involvement in various riots that happened in Uttar Pradesh during its regime. The student implied that the party had blood of the minority community on its hands. To this, Khurshid replied, He further said that the students should learn from the Congress’ history and work towards creating an environment where people can raise tough questions. The statement was blown out of proportion by various media houses, after which Khurshid issued another clarification, saying that his response was meant to defend the Congress. “It was someone who accused us and if someone accuses us, must I not reply?” he asked. Standing by his position, Khurshid added, “What I said I will continue to say, I made the statement as a human being.” After Khurshid’s comments, a few media houses reported the statement as an . News18 wrote, “Senior Congress leader Salman Khurshid says blood of many Muslims on Congress’ hands.” Zee News went a step further. The TV news channel said that Khurshid’s statement has sparked a controversy after he admitted that his party is stained with the blood of Muslims. However, from the video of the event, it seems that Khurshid’s reply was an attempt to show the Congress’ high moral ground over other parties. Following the coverage, Congress distanced itself from Khurshid’s statement. Congress MP PL Punia said that the party disagrees with Khurshid’s statement “in toto.” Meanwhile, BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said that Khurshid’s statement had revealed the truth behind Gandhi’s ‘Save the Constitution’ campaign. Patra further alleged that the opposition party was stained with not only the blood of Muslims but also that of the Sikhs who were killed in the 1984 riots. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Several posters asking Congress workers to stay away while campaigning in Karnataka’s Bantwal Assembly constituency have been stuck to the walls of houses in Kanyana village near Vittla. According to , the posters written in Kannada read: “This is a Hindu house. Congresspeople, who supported the conversion of Ganyashri through deceitful love, are not allowed here. Even our house has girl children.” The report states that the posters have come up on the walls of about 20 houses in the area. "They have decided to teach the Congress a fitting lesson for its minority appeasement at the expense of the interests of Hindus," a Bantwal local told According to the report, Ganyashri, a 21-year old Hindu girl, had allegedly eloped with a “non-Hindu” boy in November 2016. The girl’s family had also filed a missing person’s report with the Vittla police. However, once news of the elopement reached the neighbourhood, it became a matter of great embarrassment for the family, since they had already fixed her engagement with someone else. The report further states that the Dakshina Kannada District Congress Committee President Harish Kumar believes that the BJP is responsible for the posters. The reason, he alleges, is because the BJP is famous for dividing the public on religious lines, especially in terms of securing electoral gains. Referring to the incident where similar posters banning the BJP had come up in different parts of Kerala after the Kathua and Unnao rape cases, Kumar alleged that the BJP’s influence behind the ones in Bantwal is a strategy to distract voters from crucial issues. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Supreme Court on Tuesday, 24 April, directed immediate stay on all construction activities in 1,797 unauthorised colonies of Delhi, and ordered a special task force to remove encroachments from public roads and pavements within two weeks, reported the . Earlier on 2 April, the court slammed the Central government and other authorities over their inability to stop unauthorised construction in the national capital and asked it to justify its stand on laws protecting such constructions. A bench of Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Deepak Gupta had then expressed anguish over the protest against the ongoing sealing drive in Delhi, saying there is a “complete breakdown” of law and order in the city. The bench told Additional Solicitor General (ASG) ANS Nadkrani, appearing for the Central government: The bench put questions to the Central government relating the Delhi Laws (Special Provisions) Act, 2006 and subsequent legislations, which protect unauthorised construction from being sealed in Delhi. In December last, while expressing concern over rampant illegal construction in Delhi, the apex court had said that the authorities do not appear to have carried out their statutory duties in preventing illegal construction and ordered restoration of its 2006 monitoring committee to identify and seal such offending structures. In December 2017, the Union cabinet had approved the National Capital Territory of Delhi Laws (Special Provisions) Second (Amendment) Bill, 2017, extending the immunity to illegal constructions in Delhi, and preventing their demolition or sealing till 31 December 2020. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Central government and the Reserve Bank of India have reportedly told banks across the country to calibrate the ATMs in a "phased" manner in order to dispense Rs 200 notes. A senior Finance Ministry official, speaking to , said that a fifth of the country's 2,21,000 ATMs have been reconfigured. Notes of Rs 200 denomination was introduced in August 2017, almost nine months after the Narendra Modi government demonetised old Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 currency notes. While about 2 lakh ATMs can reportedly disperse Rs 500 notes, ATMs are being recalibrated to the new Rs 200 notes. The RBI had earlier said that it was raising the circulation of Rs 200 notes to "ensure balance" in the denomination-mix of currency notes made available to the public. Early in April this year, several ATMs reported non-availability of cash in ATMs across several states, including poll-bound Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, and Maharashtra. The Reserve Bank of India issued a circular clarifying that there is no currency shortage. It said there is sufficient cash in the RBI vaults and currency chests and printing of the notes has been ramped up. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
A World Cup winning field hockey goalkeeper from Pakistan, Mansoor Ahmed, reached out to India for help securing a heart transplant, on Monday, 23 April. For the past many weeks Ahmed, who is 49 years old, has been suffering from complications from a pacemaker and stents in his heart. Ahmed has been an icon in the Pakistani sports community since helping the country win the 1994 World Cup in Sydney, Australia. Mansoor helped Pakistan win with a penalty stroke push against Netherlands in the final. “Now I need a heart transplant, and for that I need support from the Indian government,” said Ahmed. Ties between India and Pakistan, including on the sports and cultural fronts, took a nosedive after the terror attacks of 26/11 in Mumbai. New Delhi blamed Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba, founded by designated global terrorist Hafiz Saeed, for the attacks. Despite the strained relationship, Pakistani citizens are eligible to apply for medical visas to India. In fact, India is renowned for its booming medical tourism industry. Ahmed has played 338 international hockey matches, and participated in three Olympics, along with a number of other high-profile events in a career spanning from 1986 to 2000. He told AFP that the visa could save his life. “Humanity is paramount and I would be immensely obliged if I get a visa and other medical help in India,” said Ahmed. The avenue of sports has been one of the few areas for us to improve relations between the two countries, he added. Former Pakistan cricket captain Shahid Afridi tweeted this message after visiting Ahmed earlier in April: India has suspended most bilateral sporting events with Pakistan since the attacks of 26/11, with high-profile cricket tours bearing the majority of the brunt of the moratorium. However, both countries have continued to play each other in multinational events like the World Cup. Following the report, readers of The Quint expressed their overwhelming support towards Ahmed and welcomed him to India for the treatment he requires. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Ministry of External Affairs had informed Beijing about asking senior leaders from the Centre and states not to accept “any invitation or to participate in the proposed commemorative events” planned for religious leader Dalai Lama’s 60 years in exile, reported . Quoting sources,  reported that the information was communicated through diplomatic networks “as a mark of goodwill” to improve ties between India and China to set the ball rolling for the  to be held at Wuhan between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping on 27 and 28 April. Sources told  that a similar letter was sent during the 50th anniversary of the exile of the religious leader, but Indo-China relations are poorer now than during the earlier occasion. , on 2 March, had reported that Foreign Secretary Vijay Gokhale requested Cabinet Secretary PK Sinha in a note dated 22 February to issue a “classified circular advisory advising all ministries/departments of the Government of India as well as state governments not to accept any invitation or to participate in the proposed commemorative events.” On the same day, the MEA clarified that its stance on the Dalai Lama had not changed. In a statement, the MEA said, “Government of India’s position on His Holiness the Dalai Lama is clear and consistent. He is a revered religious leader and is deeply respected by the people of India. There is no change in that position. His Holiness is accorded all freedom to carry out his religious activities in India.” Following the move, the Tibetan government-in-exile had cancelled the inter-faith prayer in New Delhi and moved the location of the ‘Thank You India’ event to a venue in Dharamsala. (With inputs from )    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
A 59-year-old woman, an attendant at a south Mumbai school, was arrested on Monday, 23 April, for allegedly sexually assaulting a four-year-old girl on the school premises. The girl’s father, an alumni of the school, said that around two weeks ago, the child had complained of abdominal pain and thereafter showed signs of depression. “We thought she had an upset stomach and let it go. She then became hesitant to go to school.” On Sunday night, while playing with a cousin, the girl mentioned that the attendant had touched her inappropriately while taking her to the washroom. (Source: A 42-year-old man allegedly bludgeoned his wife to death with a hammer on Monday, 23 April. The incident took place in outer Delhi’s Mangolpuri, in front of their teenage son, who was threatened to stay away. The couple was married for 18 years but for the past few months, their relationship had hit a rough patch. The husband, Vinod, was an e-rickshaw driver and was addicted to liquor, and the couple had frequent fights over it. They had been staying on different floors of the house, cops said. Family members told the cops that the woman had complained about her husband in the past as well and he was counselled for it. (Source: ) A 67-year-old woman was found murdered at her house, with injuries on her head and slash wounds on her neck, in south Delhi’s Gulmohar Enclave on Monday, 23 April. The DDA flat was also found ransacked. Police suspect that a dumbbell and a kitchen knife may have been used for the murder. The possibility of a robbery motive has not been ruled out. Sources said that some people have been detained for questioning. The victim, Usha Devi, used to live with her husband Ajay Kumar, a retired CPWD architect, and 36-year-old daughter, who works at a private firm in south Delhi. The murder was discovered by her daughter, who found Devi lying in a pool of blood beside the dining table, when she returned from work. (Source: ) In yet another case of drunken driving, a cobbler, sleeping on a footpath at Kushaiguda, died and another injured after a speeding Skoda Octavia car, driven by an inebriated B.Tech student ran over him. One of the girls, who was seated inside the ill-fated car is Malakpet Inspector Gangi Reddy's daughter. There were four persons in the car and it is not sure who was driving the car at the time of the mishap. The four persons – I Pathi Reddy, K Srujana, B Amrutha and Harika Reddy – were inside the car. Three among the four were reportedly drunk, including Harika Reddy, daughter of Malakpet Inspector. All the four are engineering students. (Source: ) The police on Monday, 23 April, arrested a Salem-based gynaecologist in Vazhapadi for sex-determination and illegal abortion that led to the death of a 24-year-old pregnant woman. After her arrest, a court sent Dr Selvamba Rajkumar to jail. On Saturday, after a woman named Lakshmi Manigandan died following a botched-up abortion at Niharika Hospital in Vazhapadi, officials sealed the hospital and seized the ultrasound equipment. (Source: ) The government railway police (GRP) in Erode arrested a Chennai-based lawyer on Sunday, 22 April, for allegedly trying to molest a nine-year-old girl on a train. He was identified KP Prem Ananth, a resident of Besant Nagar in Chennai. A relative of the victim had lodged a complaint against the 57-year-old man. “The family were on the way to Chennai in the Thiruvananthapuram-Chennai Express when the minor girl told them about a passenger, who misbehaved with her. He immediately approached the train ticket examiner (TTE), who alerted the railway protection force (RPF). When the train arrived at Erode Railway Junction, RPF police asked the passenger to get down from the train. He was handed over to GRP. Prem Ananth is a lawyer in Madras High Court,” a police officer said. (Source: ) A man was sentenced to one-year imprisonment for assaulting a BEST bus driver in a road rage case. Umesh Hadikar, was convicted for causing injury to driver Ramgir Gosavi in an incident that took place on 2 March 2015.  Gosavi had told the court during his deposition that on the day of the incident, he was driving on route number 27 from Worli to Vaishali Nagar in Mulund. At 7pm, while returning, near Dadar TT, he stopped the bus at the signal on the left side of the road. Hadikar, riding a motorcycle, came in front of the bus and stopped the bike. (Source: ) A man accused of extortion and murder in parts of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Delhi was shot dead in an encounter, conducted by joint teams of the Haryana and Uttar Pradesh Special Task Force (STF), on Monday, 23 April. Police claimed Balraj Bhati, who carried a reward of Rs 2.5 lakh, was trying to escape in his Maruti Swift Dzire and had opened fire at the officers. According to the Gurgaon STF, a “special intelligence” input — that Bhati would be near Sector 37 overbridge in Noida to “collect extortion money” — was received on Monday morning, following which a team reached Gautam Buddh Nagar district. (Source: ) (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The panchayat poll process resumed in Bengal on Monday, 23 April, as mandated by a Calcutta High Court directive to enable Opposition candidates to file their nomination papers, but the spectre of political violence, too, returned to haunt rural Bengal along with the resumption of the poll process. Two persons died — one of gunshot wounds on the outskirts of Birbhum’s Suri and another in North 24-Parganas’ Swarupnagar — and opposition supporters and even lawmakers were attacked at several places as Trinamool supporters “guarded” government offices to prevent opposition candidates from filing their papers. (Source: It was the Calcutta High Court and not the State Election Commission where the action shifted on Monday, 23 April. While the SEC turned into a fortress with police imposing Section 144 CrPC in its vicinity, the office remained out of bounds for all parties. Congress MP Pradip Bhattacharya, who tried to take his complaints to the SEC, was refused entry. BJP and CPM delegations, therefore, chose to move court. Three parties (BJP, Congress and PDS) filed separate petitions before the bench of Justice Subrata Talukdar challenging the SEC’s 21 April notification because it “lacked clarity on polling and counting dates.” (Source: A group of 10 transgender activists, including members from the community, have submitted a deputation to the secretary of the West Bengal Transgender Development Board on Monday, 23 April, asking for removal of Manabi Bandyopadhyay from the post of vice chairperson. The move came after three days of agitation at the Ranu Chhaya Mancha in front of the Academy of Fine Arts. Ranjita Sinha, a member of the board, said: “Manabi has been spreading wrong information about us. She refuses to acknowledge 15 April as Transgender Day. Instead of working for the entire community, she chooses to promote only those who are close to her. We want immediate removal of her from the board with a show-cause notice.” (Source: Seven-year-old Abhishikta suffered from cervical myelopathy with quadriparesis — a severe spinal cord compression that was caused by an accidental fall — and had been in the paediatric intensive care unit (PICU) of the Institute of Child Health (ICH) for almost six months without much improvement. Three weeks ago, she started showing signs of recovery, thanks to the tireless efforts of doctors and the Mumbai-based Ekam Foundation, which stepped in to provide financial assistance. Abhishikta has now been shifted to the general ward and should recover in another six months. Abhishikta’s parents couldn’t afford to bear the cost of her treatment, but before they could lose heart, Ekam Foundation gave them hope. The organisation has spread its wings in Kolkata, reaching out to underprivileged children in the City of Joy. (Source: The wrought-iron railings that had come up along the southern boundary of Calcutta High Court have been pulled down after an outcry by heritage activists. "We are happy to see that the iron railings have been taken off. They were an eyesore," said Bonani Kakkar, a founder member of the non-profit organisation PUBLIC (People United for Better Living in Calcutta). had reported on 3 April about the state public works department erecting the iron railings on security grounds, as advised by police. Kakkar said she had met senior officials of Calcutta High Court and the public works department after she saw a picture in this paper. Calcutta High Court is listed as a Grade I structure in the  published by the Calcutta Municipal Corporation (CMC). Grade I structures enjoy the highest level of protection. According to the CMC document, "no external change will be permissible" in a Grade I structure. (Source: The National Green Tribunal has pulled up the state government for its failure to bring down the city's vehicular pollution level by restricting BS III vehicles and phasing out 15-year-old ones. The eastern zonal bench of the tribunal has also observed that the government has tabled an unsatisfactory report on the matter. Bharat Stage or BS norms are the standards for vehicular emission. BS IV are the latest in the series, spelling out the toughest norms so far on exhaust fumes of vehicles, the biggest contributor to air pollution in Calcutta. (Source: A nine-year-old boy missed a date with one of his favourite knights by a whisker on Monday, 23 April. Umang Mandal was admitted to CMRI on Monday morning with severe abdominal pain. He could barely speak then. In the afternoon, he forgot his pain, though, when he heard he and a few other kids would meet KKR cricketers at the hospital. He was even more elated when he spotted Chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav among the players who walked in. "My favourite KKR player is Dinesh Karthik but a very close second is Kuldeep Yadav. I like the way Kuldeep always stays cool and the way he beats batsmen with his variations," Umang, a Class 4 student at DPS Ruby Park, said. "It is my dream to take a selfie with him." (Source: (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Delhi High Court asked the Centre on Monday, 23 April, if it had done any research or scientific assessment before coming out with an ordinance to award death penalty for rape of girls below the age of 12. The High Court was dealing with an old PIL that challenged the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act of 2013, in which a penal provision – minimum of seven years jail term – for a rape convict was included and the court's discretion to award less than that was taken away. Acting Chief Justice Gita Mittal and Justice C Hari Shankar asked the government: The Union Cabinet, on Saturday, 21 April, cleared the Criminal Law (Amendment) Ordinance 2018, which proposes stringent punishments, ranging from a minimum of 20 years to life term or death, for rape of girls under the age of 12. President Ram Nath Kovind approved the ordinance for changes in the Indian Penal Code (IPC), the Evidence Act, the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC) and the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act. The Centre's decision came in the wake of a nationwide outrage over cases of sexual assault and murder of minors in Kathua in Jammu and Kashmir and Surat in Gujarat, and the rape of a girl in Unnao in Uttar Pradesh. It further questioned whether any victims were asked what they want before coming out with the ordinance. The observations came after the bench was informed about the ordinance during the hearing of a PIL, which sought to strike down the amendments made in the rape law after the 16 December 2012 gang-rape of a 23-year-old women in the national capital. The plea by academician Madhu Purnima Kishwar has claimed that the amendments to the law related to sexual offences is being abused in practice. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Anmol Saini Sandeep Suman Launching a blistering attack against Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Congress president Rahul Gandhi, on Monday, 23 April, said the the country could burn, girls may be raped, and the rights of Scheduled Castes and minorities be under threat, but Modi was merely interested in becoming the prime minister again. Speaking at the Congress’ ‘Save the Constitution’ event in New Delhi's Talkatora stadium, here are the main points on which Gandhi went full throttle against Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Rahul Gandhi said the BJP was the one who was responsible for the logjam in Parliament. Institutions such as the Supreme Court were being trampled on and Parliament had been shut down by the government, he alleged, adding that if he was allowed to speak for 15 minutes on a host of issues, including the Nirav Modi scam, Modi would “run away.” Bringing up the recent rape cases of Kathua and Unnao, Gandhi said the country may burn and women may be raped, but PM Modi was only interested in becoming prime minister again. With reference to the alleged involvement of a BJP MLA in the Unnao case, Gandhi said Modi's earlier slogan of 'Beti Bechao, Beti Padhao' has become 'Beti Bachao' from the BJP and its leaders. Four judges of the Supreme Court of India, in a historic move, came in front of the public to ask for justice to save the apex court from being subdued, Gandhi reminded the people attending the rally. Quoting from what he described was a statement by Modi, the Congress leader said the prime minister saw spirituality in sanitation work undertaken by the Dalits. He said, “In his book , PM Modi justifies manual scavenging by calling it a ‘spiritual experience’ for the Valmiki community. This speaks volumes about his anti-Dalit mindset.” Atrocities against Dalits are increasing across the country, he added. Attacking the prime minister on employment and other promises made by him before the the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, Gandhi said PM Modi would now come up with new promises for votes. He said he had promised relief for the farmers but the only option for the farmers now have was to commit suicide. Policies like the GST and demonetisation has put the country’s economy on the backfoot.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The gang-rape and murder of an eight-year-old in Kathua has restarted the debate on the safety of women and children in India, but a Cabinet minister in the Shivraj Singh Chauhan government has come up with a solution. Madhya Pradesh’s Home Minister Bhupendra Singh on Tuesday, 24 April, blamed pornographic websites for the rising number of child rape and molestation cases in India, ANI reported. The Madhya Pradesh government is considering banning porn, he added. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government has already blocked 25 porn websites, ANI reported. The home minister’s statement comes two days after the body of a six-month-old, who was allegedly raped, was recovered in Indore. “The accused, Sunil Bheel, had kidnapped her early morning on 21 April when she was asleep with her parents outside the Rajwada fort. The accused was sleeping close to the family,” HC Mishra, Deputy Inspector General of Police, Indore, told PTI. In December 2017, the Madhya Pradesh Assembly  awarding the death penalty to those found guilty of raping girls aged 12 and below. A National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) report released on 30 November last year showed that Madhya Pradesh reported the  in 2016. Of all the rape incidences in the country, 12.5 percent (4,882 cases) were reported from Madhya Pradesh.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Jodhpur police have stepped up security in the city ahead of the verdict in the rape case against self-styled godman Asaram. The judgement will be pronounced inside the Jodhpur Central Jail on 25 April. In a bid to avoid any law and order situation, Section 144 of the CrPC will be imposed in Jodhpur till April 30. The city police also appealed the public to follow the order, according to which more than four people cannot assemble in public places. The district administration has also beefed up security around the house of the victim. The SP added, "I am personally reviewing the security as the court judgment likely to come soon and officials are in touch with the family." Earlier this month, Judge Madhu Sudan Sharma of the Jodhpur court heard the final arguments from the prosecution and defence counsels for five months and reserved the order for 25 April. Earlier, the court had heard a plea filed by the Rajasthan Police requesting the judiciary not to pronounce the judgment in the case from the court as it may lead to clashes between the security forces and the godman's followers in the court premises. In its application, the police had stated that there would be a huge presence of Asaram's followers in the city on judgment day, and that the followers might indulge in arson after the verdict is pronounced. The forces also noted in their plea that such a step was also be necessary for the safety and security of Asaram and the general public. The special SC/ST trial court had completed the final arguments in the case on 7 April. The teenaged girl had accused Asaram of sexually assaulting her at his ashram in Manai village near Jodhpur. The girl, who hailed from Shahjahanpur in Uttar Pradesh, was a student living in the ashram. Asaram, who has been in jail since 31 August 2013, was charged under relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act and the Scheduled Castes and Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act. If convicted, he faces a maximum sentence of 10 years. Asaram is also facing a rape case in Gujarat. Earlier, the apex court had refused to grant him bail on various grounds in the two sexual assault cases lodged in Rajasthan and Gujarat. Two Surat-based sisters had lodged separate complaints against Asaram and his son, Narayan Sai, accusing them of rape and illegal confinement, among other charges.   (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Rajya Sabha Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu on Monday, 23 April, rejected the unprecedented notice to begin impeachment proceedings against CJI Dipak Misra, saying it lacked substantial merit and that the allegations were neither "tenable nor admissible". The vice president in his order held that that the allegations leveled by the Congress-led opposition in the notice have a serious tendency of "undermining" the independence of the judiciary. Naidu based his decision on the opinion of top legal and constitutional experts, including former secretary generals of Lok Sabha and other legal luminaries with whom he held extensive consultations. He also took into account the views of top legal and constitutional experts, including former chief justices and judges, before taking the decision, sources said. Seven opposition parties led by the Congress had last week moved a notice before him for impeachment of the Chief Justice of India (CJI) on five grounds of "misbehaviour". Leaders of the opposition parties had on Friday, 20 April, met Naidu and handed over the notice of impeachment against the CJI bearing signatures of 64 MPs and seven former members, who recently retired. "I refuse to admit the Notice of Motion," he said. Naidu said he had detailed personal conversations on all aspects arising from the notice and had considered each of the allegations made in it individually as well as collectively. "Clearly this is an internal matter to be resolved by the Supreme Court itself. Going through the five allegations mentioned in the notice, I am of the view that they are neither tenable nor admissible," he said in his order. "Based on all this, I have come to the conclusion that this motion does not deserve to be admitted... On careful analysis and reflection, I find there is virtually no concrete verifiable imputation," he said. Naidu also held that "we cannot allow any of our pillars of governance to be weakened by any thought, word or action." The vice president said the MPs, who have presented the petition, are themselves "unsure" of their own case as the phrases used by them indicate "a mere suspicion, a conjecture or are assumptions." "In passing, I am constrained to observe that in this matter, the well established parliamentary customs and conventions as have been delineated in para 2.2 of the Handbook for Members of Rajya Sabha have been disregarded," the chairman said while making a reference to the press conference held by opposition parties. The rejection of the notice comes a day after he held the consultations to determine the maintainability of the motion. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
With Karnataka poised for a single-phase election on 12 May, agencies have been releasing opinion polls. On Monday, 23 April, ABP News-Lokniti CSDS released its opinion poll, predicting a hung assembly, with the Bharatiya Janata Party edging Congress out by a very small margin. The poll has predicted that the BJP will likely emerge as the single largest party with 89-95 seats. The Congress is expected to follow close behind with 85-91 seats under its belt, predicted the poll. The JD(S) is likely to play kingmaker in the elections, predicted the survey, with a deciding 32-38 seats in its favour. The Karnataka state assembly has 224 seats in total. Earlier, the India Today opinion polls had predicted that the BJP’s vote share is likely to go up, but not enough to dislodge the current Congress government. According to the India Today Group's Karvy Insights opinion poll, the Congress would likely retain its vote share with 90-101 seats. Meanwhile, the BJP's seat share, although showing an improvement, stayed at 78-86. Meanwhile, the poll predicted that JD(S) would secure 34-43 seats. The Karnataka election results will be declared on 15 May and the current Chief Minister Siddaramaiah’s tenure will expire on 24 May. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Supreme Court on Monday, 23 April, issued notice to the Centre on a plea filed by hotelier Kesav Suri challenging the criminalisation of gay sex between two consenting adults. The bench of Chief Justice Dipak Misra asked the Centre to file the response within a week on the plea. The bench, also comprising Justices AM Khanwilkar and DY Chandrachud, said the petition will be heard along with other pleas on the same matter which is being heard by the Constitution bench. “Owing to Section 377 of the IPC continuing on the statute book, various adult and consenting members of the LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender and queer) community continue to face the threat of false prosecution and some are actually facing it,” Suri's plea said. According to , Suri himself is a member of the LGBTQ community, and is under constant threat of facing 'false prosecution' for having sexual relations with his partner of over 10 years. Suri's petition joins a list of petitions that are pending in the Supreme Court relating to Section 377. While Naz Foundation filed a curative petition, a joint petition was filed by journalist Sunil Mehra, TV personality Ritu Dalmia and several others in January last year, which has been assigned to a Constitution bench for hearing. Meanwhile, LiveLaw reported that Suri's petition asked the Supreme Court to "restrain the the respondent (Union of India) from taking coercive action against initiatives that promote equal opportunities for people with alternative sexual orientation pending for final hearing and disposal of the present writ petition."    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
A Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP's son and his friend were arrested for consuming alcohol in the dry state of Bihar. The two were produced in a localcourt and sent to the Gaya Central Jail under judicial custody on Monday, 23 April. Gaya MP Hari Manjhi's son Rahul Kumar Manjhi was caught having alcohol last night along with his friend at Nama village under Gaya Medical College police station area, the medical college police station’s Station House Officer (SHO) Lal Bihari Paswan said. Under the spell of a stringent anti-liquor law for over last two years, Bihar has been declared a dry state with stringent punishment for the breach of anti-liquor law. "I had informed the deputy inspector general of police of Magadh Range (Vinay Kumar) about illegal liquor trade in and around Nama village with the help of police... the police, instead of acting on my information, falsely implicated my son," said Manjhi, a second-term BJP Lok Sabha member from Gaya (reserved) seat, told PTI. The arrest of the BJP MP's son under the anti-liquor law drew sharp comment from opponent Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) as the saffron party is a coalition partner in the Nitish Kumar government. "There is a 'natak' (drama) going on in the name of prohibition in the state. There is no ban at all which is evident from the fact that people are using and consuming liquor openly without the fear of prohibition law," senior Bihar RJD leader and MLA Bhai Virendra told PTI. Ruling Janata Dal United (JDU) spokesman Niraj Kumar, however, said "prohibition law is effectively working in the state which is evident from the fact that no one is being spared, howsoever, high he/she may be. Even the son of MP has been arrested for violating the law. This shows that prohibition law is effectively working in the state." Bihar has been under total prohibition since 5 April, 2016. Reports say that as Bihar completed two years of ban on country liquor on 5 April last, over 1.15 lakh people have been arrested for violating the liquor ban. Over 23 lakh litres of IMFL (Indian made Foreign liquor) and country liquor has so far been seized.   (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Rajya Sabha Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu on Monday, 23 April, rejected the notice given by 64 members of the Rajya Sabha from Opposition parties led by the Congress for impeachment of CJI Dipak Misra, citing lack of substantial merit in it. Naidu held extensive consultations with top legal and constitutional experts, including former chief justices and judges, before taking the decision, sources said. Seven opposition parties led by the Congress had last week moved a notice before him for impeachment of the Chief Justice of India (CJI) on five grounds of "misbehaviour". Senior advocate Prashant Bhushan said called the VP’s move illegal, pointing out that the VP “only has to see whether it is signed by the requisite number of people and whether the charges on the face of it amount to misbehaviour or not.” Bhushan said that the VP “has no business to go into the merits of the charges”, which is for “the enquiry committee to decide.” In a press conference, Senior Congress leader Kapil Sibal told reporters that Naidu's order jeopardised the country's legal system, and said the government was not keen to see a probe into the case. He also pointed out that the order was contradictory, as the VP hadn’t allowed for scrutiny for the allegations to be proven despite seeking for proof. “How can something be proved before it is proved? It can only be proved after an enquiry,” Sibal asked. “The order is unprecedented, illegal, ill-advised and hasty," Sibal said, adding that it had been passed without a full-fledged enquiry. “We will certainly move a petition in the Supreme Court to challenge this order,” Sibal said. The order shattered the confidence of the people and jeopardised the legal system, he added. “We will ensure the CJI would have nothing to do with this petition,” Sibal said. BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, however, hailed Naidu's decision of rejecting the impeachment notice moved by the Congress, and seven other opposition parties against Chief Justice of India (CJI) Dipak Misra. Naidu, the Rajya Sabha chairman, rejected the notice citing lack of substantial merit in it. "The vice president should have rejected it (impeachment notice) the day it was filed because the content of the notice was made public," Swamy told PTI. The BJP leader was among the first few litigants to mention their respective petitions for urgent hearing. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Kings XI Punjab defeated Delhi Daredevils by four runs in a last-ball finish after they restricted them to 139/8 in match number 22 of the Indian Premier League on 23 April at the Feroz Shah Kotla Ground in Delhi. Kings XI Punjab got off to a rough start, after Delhi Daredevils won the toss and put them to bat. Aaron Finch got out in the second over, falling to a ball from youngster Avesh khan. The next to go was in-form Lokesh Rahul, who was caught by Avesh Khan off a ball from Liam Plunkett, who was making his IPL debut. Mayank Agarwal (21), who was Plunkett’s next victim, was clean bowled in the 8th over. Kings XI Punjab were 61/3 in 8 overs. Karun Nair and Yuvraj Singh’s stitched a 25-run partnership, before Yuvraj was caught by Rishabh Pant off a ball from Avesh Khan. Yuvraj's fall brought Karun Nair in the middle, who showed a little fight against the hosts and slammed 34 runs to take his team past the 100-run mark before falling in the 17th over to Plunkett. Delhi's Daniel Christian also joined the party and dismissed David Miller (26) with Punjab's scorecard reading 127/6. Meagre contributions by Punjab skipper Ravichandran Ashwin (6 runs off 7 balls), Andrew Tye (3) and with the help of 14 extra runs, Punjab managed to put 143. Delhi started their proceedings on a shaky note as pacer Ankit Rajpoot came with the first breakthrough for Punjab in the third over, dismissing opener Prithvi Shaw for 22 runs. Incoming batter Glen Maxwell (12) and skipper Gautam Gambhir (4) once again struggled to gather runs as both were back in the dug-out in the fifth and sixth over respectively, leaving Delhi at 42/3. Gambhir's dismissal brought Shreyas Iyer in the middle, who tried his best to change Delhi's fortune, but lacked partnership from the other end. Afghan spinner Mujeeb Ur Rahman struck in the ninth over to dismiss in-form Rishabh Pant (4) cheaply. All-rounder Daniel Christian (6) was the next to fall for Delhi. However, Iyer kept the scoreboard ticking. With the match slipping from Delhi's hand as the host were reeling at 76/5, Iyer and Rahul Tewatia (24 off 21 balls) stiched a 47-run partnership for the sixth wicket, bringing back the host back in the contest. As the low-scoring issue went into the final over with Delhi needing 17 runs, Iyer six off the first delivery gave Delhi a ray of hope. However, Iyer failed to give a finishing touch to his fighting knock as Delhi fell short of the 144-run target by four runs.     (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Chennai Super Kings defeated Sunrisers Hyderabad by 4 runs in a nail biting encounter in Hyderabad on Sunday. Sunrisers Hyderabad put Chennai Super Kings to bat after they won the toss. CSK openers Shane Watson and Faf Du Plessis got off to a sedated start, managing to score only 14 runs, till Bhuvneshwar Kumar dismissed Shane Watson in the fourth over of the match. South African skipper Faf du Plessis, playing his first match of IPL 2018, was the next to go in the eight over with Super Kings reeling at 32/2. Afghanistan’s Rashid Khan was responsible for the wicket. Suresh Raina and Ambati Rayudu’s took their time to settle down as they nudged around to take the team’s total to 78/2 in 12 overs. With two back-to-back sixes in the 12th over, Suresh Raina upped the ante. Soon, Rayudu went all guns blazing, smashing boundary after boundary, racking up 79 runs off 37 balls. Ambati Rayudu’s burst of energy gave CSK the much-needed boost, before he got run out in the most freaky manner possible. Rayudu and Suresh Raina’s 112-run stand took the Super Kings to 144/3 in 17 overs. With Rayudu’s dismissal, skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni made his way to the crease. Dhoni along with Raina added 36 runs to the total to end CSK’s innings at 182/3. Amidst all of this Raina also brought his fifty. The Sunrisers had a rough start. CSK’s Deepak Chahar had a great start picking three wickets in his first three overs. Ricky Bhui got out for a duck in the very first over. Manish Pandey was the next to go, dismissed off a ball from Chahar in the third over.Chahar then sent Deepak Hooda packing in the fifth over. Sunrisers were reduced to 28/3 in just 5 overs. At the other end captain Kane Williamson was playing a different ball game, dismissing balls to the boundaries at leisure. Along with Shakib Al Hasan, he stitched together a 49-run stand, before Hasan (24) got out to a delivery from Karn Sharma. Yusuf Pathan, who was in a do-or-die mode, provided able support to his skipper. With Williamson and Pathan at crease, Sunrisers were hoping against hope to do the unthinkable till Williamson got out for a well made 84 off 51 balls, which included five fours and five sixes. Soon, Pathan was also back in the hut for quickfire 45 which included four over the boundary hits. After the loss of Pathan’s wicket, Sunrisers fan had given up hopes but Rashid Khna had some different plans. Rashid Khan smashed two sixes and a four for the Sunrisers, racking up 17 runs, but fell short of the 183-run target by four runs, giving Chennai Super Kings their fourth victory in five matches.      (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Karnataka BJP chief BS Yeddyurappa on 22 April said he was ready to contest against Chief Minister Siddaramaiah from Badami, if the party's national president Amit Shah asked him to do so. The former Chief Minister further said, "But it is certain that we will field a good candidate in Badami and defeat Siddaramaiah. BJP has already taken a decision in this regard." Badami in Bagalkote will be the second constituency from where Siddaramaiah will be contesting the 12 May Karnataka assembly polls, the other being Chamundeshwari in Mysuru. Ending suspense over contesting from a second constituency, the Chief Minister would file his nomination papers from Badami on 24 April. Meanwhile, amidst speculation that he would be fielded against Siddaramaiah from Badami, BJP MP B Sriramulu on Sunday said he would abide by the party's decision. Sriramulu has been fielded by the BJP from Molakalmuru constituency in Chitradurga district, and he has already filed his nomination from there. Speaking to reporters in Mysuru, Siddaramaiah, who has already filed his nominations from Chamundeshwari constituency, has maintained that he was under pressure from local party leaders in Bagalkote and Vijayapura districts to contest from Badami as it would benefit Congress' prospects in the region. To a question that Sriramulu was likely to be fielded by the BJP against him from Badami, he said, "Let them field anyone. I'm not worried about who the opponent is." “Elections are fought on ideologies not between persons. We are fighting against communalism, we are fighting communal forces and we want to defeat communal forces,” he added. The Chief Minister also said that the people of Chamundeshwari have already decided to vote in his favour. The Congress, in its list of candidates for 218 seats announced on 15 April, had named Dr Devraj Patil as its nominee from Badami, but issuing of B-form (required to be filed by a political party mentioning name of its approved candidate) to Patil had been put on hold. In the second list released by the party on Sunday, Siddaramaiah's name was announced replacing Patil. Reports have suggested that the battle in Chamundeshwari will not be an easy one for him. Siddaramaiah has won five times and tasted defeat twice at Chamundeshwari. He has been representing Varuna constituency in Mysuru since 2008, which has now been allotted to his son Yatindra. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
The Congress on Sunday, 22 April, dropped its candidate for Madikeri, HS Chandramauli, who represented fugitive diamantaire Mehul Choksi as his lawyer, and allotted a second constituency to Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, as it released the second and final list of nominees for the 12 May Karnataka assembly polls. The party also confirmed a ticket to sitting MLA NA Harris, who was embroiled in a controversy after his son was involved in a brawl at an upscale city pub-cum-restaurant recently, causing a major embarrassment to the ruling Congress ahead of the polls, with the opposition using the incident as a stick to beat it with. His son Mohammad Nalapad is now in judicial custody in connection with the alleged brutal assault of a man. The Congress that had announced a list of 218 candidates in one go for the 224 member Karnataka legislative assembly on 15 April, had kept the names of candidates for six seats on hold. They included Sindgi, Nagathan, Kittur, Raichur, Shantinagar and Melukote constituencies. Sunday’s list, while announcing candidates to all these seats, has replaced candidates in six other constituencies. From Kittur, the party has fielded senior leader DB Inamdar, Vithal Dhonidiba Katakdhond from Nagthan, Mallanna Niganna Sali from Sindgi, Sayed Yasin from Raichur, and NA Harris from Shantinagar. According to party sources, the Congress is expected to support farmers' leader, the late Puttannaiah's son Darshan Puttannaiah (Swaraj India) in Melukote constituency. Among constituencies for which candidates were replaced include Badami, the second constituency from where Siddaramaiah will be contesting. Earlier, the party had named Devraj Patil as its nominee in Badami, from where Siddaramaiah will now be filing his nomination on 24 April. Siddaramaiah, who has already filed his nominations from Chamundeshwari constituency in Mysuru, has been saying he was under pressure from local party leaders in Bagalkote and Vijayapura districts to contest from Badami, as it would boost the party’s prospects in the region. The other prominent replacement is from Madikeri, where Chandramauli, the lawyer who represented Choksi, has been replaced by KP Chandrakala. Chandramauli's candidature had led to Congress coming under intense criticism from the BJP. The BJP had hit out at the Congress for giving a ticket to Chandramauli, alleging that "Choksi enjoyed the patronage, strength and support of Rahul Gandhi in the party." Gandhi has in the past dismissed BJP's charges of having links with Choksi, who is the main accused in the two billion dollar Punjab National Bank (PNB) fraud. BJP's reaction had come after Congress spokesperson Brijesh Kalappa, who lost out to lawyer Chandramauli in the race for the party ticket from Madikeri, put out a cryptic message on Twitter, saying: Chandramouli was Choksi's advocate when he moved the Karnataka High Court in 2016 against the state government and SV Hariprasad, a city-based businessman, who had filed the complaint of cheating against Choksi, BJP leaders had claimed. Among the other replacements are in Jagalur, where AL Pushpa has been replaced by sitting MLA HP Rajesh, at Tiptur, where B Nanjamari has been replaced by sitting MLA K Shadakshari, Malleshwaram where Minister MR Seetharam has been replaced by Kengal Shreepada Renu, and Padmanaba Nagar where B Gurappa Naidu has been replaced by M Srinivas. In most of these constituencies, candidates have been replaced after a strong backlash marked by violence against the candidates announced in the first list.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
In an attempt to complete the “reset” of bilateral ties with China, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet at an “informal summit” in Wuhan, the capital of central China’s Hubei province on 27 and 28 April. The informal summit was the key takeaway after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Chinese State Councillor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met in Beijing Sunday on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) foreign ministers meet. Sources told that the initiative to have the “informal summit” came from Beijing, but New Delhi took its time to take a call on the invitation considering the “diplomatic pros and cons” involved. (Source: ) In what is being hailed as the biggest-ever success in its anti-Maoist operations, Gadchiroli Police killed 16 suspected ultra-left rebels near Kasnasur village in Tadgaon area of Maharashtra’s Bhamragad tehsil on Sunday. Among those killed were 51-year-old Srinu alias Vijendra Ramlu, a member of the divisional committee (DVC) of the South Gadchiroli division of the CPI (Maoist), and Perimili Dalam commander Sainath alias Domesh Atram, 34, who was said to have been recently elevated to the divisional committee. This is the first time that two DVC members have been killed in a single encounter in Gadchiroli. (Source: ) Rajya Sabha (RS) chairman M Venkaiah Naidu on Sunday, 22 April, started the consultation process with legal and parliamentary experts on a notice submitted by Congress and six other opposition parties for a motion for the removal of Chief Justice of India (CJI) Dipak Misra, two Parliament officials familiar with the development said. Vice President Naidu, one of the officials said, spoke to Attorney General KK Venugopal, former attorney general K Parasaran, former Supreme Court judge B Sudarshan Reddy, former law secretary PK Malhotra, former Lok Sabha secretary general Subhash Kashyap, and former legislative secretary Sanjay Singh, among others, as he decides whether to admit or reject the notice given on 20 April. It is the first-ever such submitted against a chief justice. (Source: ) President Ram Nath Kovind on Sunday approved the ordinance to strengthen the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act. In the wake of an increase in incidents of rape of minors, the cabinet had on Saturday approved a number of measures to amend the POCSO Act. The ordinance seeks death penalty for rapists of girls below 12 years of age and stringent punishment for perpetrators of rape particularly of girls below 16 years. (Source: PTI) The ‘fugitive economic offenders’ ordinance, promulgated by the President within hours of the cabinet’s recommendation on Saturday, goes beyond those evading law in India by fleeing. It also includes giving authorities powers to search persons suspected of hiding data, or proceeds of crime, as part of the drive to bring to book those avoiding the law in India. The ordinance is aimed at attaching property acquired through proceeds of crime, even if it is not owned by the accused, after getting a special court to declare the person an economic offender. (Source: ) The Communist Party of India-Marxist elected Sitaram Yechury as its general secretary for a second term at the party’s 22nd Congress in Hyderabad on Sunday. Yechury’s re-election, though expected after his political line was adopted by the party congress only days earlier, was not an easy one. It came after months of internal warring over whether or not to have an “understanding” with the Congress among other secular, democratic forces, and had pushed the party to the brink of an existential crisis. Yechury’s candidature was decided through a show of hands in the newly-elected 95-member central committee. (Source: ) Do not blame the media for controversies that are created when you fail to exercise restraint, Prime Minister Narendra Modi cautioned Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) lawmakers on Sunday. Interacting with them through the Narendra Modi app, he advised the MPs and MLAs against speaking on subjects they are not authorised to speak on by the party. The PM’s remarks come at a time when statements from party leaders, including ministers, over recent incidents of rape, attacks on members of the Scheduled Castes, and scientific and mythological topics, have fuelled controversies. “We make mistakes and give masala (fodder) to the media... as if we are great social scientists and experts to analyse issues. The moment you see a camera you start speaking,” Modi said. “Don’t stand in front of the TV (camera) and start preaching to the country. Let the media do its job,” he added. (Source: ) Abhishek Mishra, the UP-based social media adviser of Vishwa Hindu Parishad kicked up a big row on micro blogging site Twitter, saying he would not travel with a Muslim driver of location-based taxi app Ola. Following massive outrage on the social media and demands to suspend his account with both Twitter and Ola, the cab service hit back saying their service was strictly a secular platform and the company would not support any views aiding disharmony. “Cancelling @olacabs booking because driver was Muslim. I don’t want to give my money to jihadis (sic)” wrote Abhishek Mishra. Mishra’s 14,000-plus followers include  ministers Rajyavardhan Rathore, RK Singh, Mahesh Sharma, Ram Kripal Yadav, Narendra Singh Tomar apart from BJP MPs Manoj Tiwari and party’s UP ministers Swantantra Dev Singh and Suresh Rana. (Source: ) Profiling an Aadhaar user is near impossible even if authentication record is known as information revealed is minimal as compared to a person’s credit card history, an analysis carried out by UIDAI has shown. An authentication history can lead to some guesswork but is short of profiling as the record only mentions ‘KUA’ (KYC User Agency, which could be bank, mobile company) or AUA (Authentication User Agency) where authentication was done, modality of authentication (OTP or biometric) and date and timing of the authentication. Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) sources said profiling was not possible from the authentication history. UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey submitted his transaction log to Supreme Court and officials said the submission was to demonstrate what a transaction log looked like. (Source: ) (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
In politically significant remarks, the ruling AIADMK on 22 April said that signs of its working together with BJP like a "double-barrelled gun" in the political arena were visible and "no one can sever ties" between the two parties. Coming out strongly against the principal opposition DMK-led persistent protests over the Cauvery imbroglio, the AIADMK said: No one can weaken the bond between "the Central and the State governments" either, the AIADMK said in its Tamil mouthpiece The state's ruling party said the protests by the DMK, its allies and friendly parties on the Cauvery issue were only aimed at spoiling the warmth between it and the BJP. However, the AIADMK mouthpiece said, "A roadmap for it should be thrashed out by the high commands of both the parties. That is the need of the hour." "The state and the Central regimes led by the AIADMK and the BJP respectively are working responsibly and are headed towards a final resolution of the issue," the daily added, referring to the Cauvery issue. Under such circumstances, the AIADMK said, the main opposition DMK was holding "unnecessary protests" as it was "apprehensive" that the State and the Central governments, working in cohesion, would succeed in resolving the Cauvery issue. Mocking the DMK for holding protests which did not enjoy the "people's support," the AIADMK hit out at its arch rival for trying to get an appointment with Prime Minister Narendra Modi now on the issue after attempting to show black flags to him recently. Asking if it was an act of "political civility," the AIADMK mouthpiece said no other party could indulge in such politics burying its self-respect. The AIADMK said its government allowed protests like black flag demonstrations keeping democratic ethos in mind. The daily, however, asked if the protesters succeeded in showing even a single black flag to Prime Minister Modi. It may be recalled that the AIADMK top leadership has been maintaining that a friendly relationship with the Centre was imperative for the progress of the state through proper financial sanctions and support. The DMK, however, has been unrelenting in its attack saying the ruling party was "subservient," to the Centre. If this was not done, "it will lead to cracks in the unity and integration" (of the nation), it had cautioned. The AIADMK's assertion assumes significance amid the persistent protests on the Cauvery issue. The DMK-led Opposition and the pro-Tamil outfits have been holding back-to-back protests including the recent anti-IPL stir on the river water issue and a massive human chain demonstration (by DMK and its allies) has been announced across the state tomorrow. The ruling party, after holding a day-long fast across Tamil Nadu on the issue earlier this month, has announced rallies between 25 April and 29 April in the delta region to press the Centre to implement the Supreme Court verdict on the matter. Following the 16 February Supreme Court verdict, Tamil Nadu has been insisting that the court's order to the Centre to formulate a "scheme" referred to the setting up of the CMB and the Cauvery Water Regulatory Committee (CWRC). The Tamil Nadu government recently moved the top court, seeking contempt action against the Centre for its "failure" to frame the scheme for the constitution of the CMB and the CWRC within six weeks from 16 February. The court had on 9 April asked the Centre to frame a draft Cauvery management scheme and file it by 3 May for the implementation of its order on water distribution. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Congress president Rahul Gandhi has launched the party's nationwide 'Save the Constitution' campaign on 23 April, with an aim to highlight the alleged attacks on the Constitution and Dalits under the BJP-led regime. At the event, Gandhi made a blistering attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying the country was burning, girls were being raped and the rights of scheduled castes and minorities were under a threat, but Modi’s sole interest lay in being the Prime Minister for a second term. Institutions such as the Supreme Court were being trampled on while the Parliament had been shut down by the government, he alleged, claiming that if he was allowed to speak for 15 minutes on a host of issues, including the Nirav Modi scam, the Prime Minister would "run away". Going full throttle, he alleged that institutions were being packed with people who believed in the RSS's ideology. Gandhi in his speech also said that people are aware that there is no place for the Dalits, weaker sections of society and women in Modi’s heart. He promised that he and his party would stand by the community and the women of this country. Gandhi had earlier posted on Twitter urging people to join the rally to raise voice against the change in The Scheduled Castes and Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989. Speaking to , Congress’ Scheduled Caste Department Chairman Nitin Rawat said the next election will be decided by the country’s Dalits. Responding to Rahul Gandhi’s attacks, BJP chief Amit Shah said, “If there is one party that has destroyed the spirit of our Constitution, it is the Congress.” Posting on his Facebook page, Shah said, The Congress Party has yet again taken the only path it knows very well –– of spreading hate and divisions in our society. “ The campaign will continue till 14 April next year, marking the birth anniversary of Dalit icon Bhimrao Ambedkar. ) (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
As the Congress awaits the decision of Rajya Sabha (RS) Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu on an impeachment notice moved by it and other parties against Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, it is considering moving the Supreme Court if the petition is rejected, party leaders said. They said if the Upper House’s chairman did not find merit in the notice for the impeachment, the decision could call for a judicial review. The Congress was also trying to build up "moral pressure" on the Chief Justice of India in the hope that he would step down from judicial duty if an impeachment motion was moved against him. Judges who faced impeachment had earlier stepped aside from judicial work and the Chief Justice should do the same, a party leader said. "It is only a convention, though there is no legal or constitutional bar (on this)," the leader said. The Congress also hopes that the decision on the motion would be taken soon. "He (the RS chairman) cannot sit on it indefinitely, though there is no deadline laid out in the Constitution," a legal expert said, citing the case of an anti-defection law where the court had said it should be decided within a "reasonable" time-frame. Meanwhile, an official in Parliament stressed that making public the contents of a notice before would violate Parliamentary rules. This assumes significance in the wake of the seven opposition parties, led by the Congress, initiating an unprecedented step last week for the impeachment of CJI Misra by moving a notice levelling several charges against him. According to the provisions in the handbook for Rajya Sabha members, no advance publicity should be given to any notice to be taken up in the House till it is admitted by the chairman. "A notice for raising a matter in the House should not be given publicity by any member or other person until it has been admitted by the chairman and circulated by members. A member should not raise the issue of a notice given by him and pending consideration of the chairman," according to Rule 2.2 of Parliamentary Customs and Conventions in the handbook. The notice has been referred by Naidu to Rajya Sabha Secretariat officials, who are preparing the file and identified this violation, the official said. According to the senior official in Parliament, a bulletin issued by the Rajya Sabha on 8 December 2017, reiterates the rule under parliamentary customs and conventions. Leaders of the opposition parties had met Vice President M Venkaiah Naidu, who is also the chairman of the Rajya Sabha, and handed over the notice of impeachment bearing the signatures of 64 MPs and seven former members, who had recently retired. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
A Shiv Sena leader, Sachin Sawant, was shot dead allegedly by two bike-borne assailants on Sunday, 22 April, in Mumbai’s Kandivali locality. 40-year-old Sawant, who served as a deputy  in the Shiv Sena, was travelling in his car at Gokul Nagar when he was approached by two men on a bike and shot at in the chest, media reports pointed out The shooting is said to have taken place around 8 pm. Regarding the incident, a police official was  by  as saying: Investigation is underway and the police is in the process of filing a case against two unknown people, who fled the scene soon after the shooting. According to a  by the , Sawant had been previously shot at in 2009. He had been a member of the party for over 20 years, and was going to be elevated to the post of , the report further indicated. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Rajya Sabha Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu on Sunday, 22 April, set in motion the process of consultation on the impeachment notice against Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra and held discussions with constitutional and legal experts, including Attorney General KK Venugopal. The vice president cut short his visit to Hyderabad and reached New Delhi to hold deliberations over the notice given by seven opposition parties. According to officials, Naidu spoke to former Lok Sabha secretary general Subhash Kashyap, ex-law secretary PK Malhotra and former legislative secretary Sanjay Singh on the issue. He also held deliberations with senior officials of the Rajya Sabha Secretariat, the officials said, adding that Naidu also spoke to former Supreme Court Justice B Sudarshan Reddy. Sources said the vice president also spoke to Attorney General KK Venugopal over the issue. Leaders of the opposition parties had on Friday met Naidu and handed over the notice of impeachment against the chief justice of India (CJI) bearing signatures of 64 MPs and seven former members, who recently retired. The opposition parties, led by the Congress, initiated the unprecedented step to impeach the CJI by moving the notice levelling charges against him. The parties had briefed the media after handing over the notice to the Upper House chairman. While reviewing the notice, the Rajya Sabha officials had mentioned that making public the contents of a notice before it is admitted by the chair is in violation of parliamentary rules. The move to propose impeachment notice against the CJI has led to a slugfest between the Congress and the BJP. Meanwhile, the Congress said that the CJI should considering recusing himself from judicial and administrative duties until his name is cleared. The BJP has said the Congress was trying to demean, degrade and denigrate the judiciary by moving the notice. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Abhishek Mishra, a man who claims to be linked to the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and is followed on Twitter by bigwigs like Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and Minister of Culture Mahesh Sharma cancelled an Ola Cab because the driver was a Muslim. After cancelling the cab, Mishra on Friday, 20 April took a screenshot of the cancellation, and tweeted it out with a message saying that he does not give to his money to “jihadi people”. Ola, on Sunday, 22 April, put out a statement saying that the company is a secular platform and doesn’t discriminate between its customers and driver partners. Defending himself from the flak he received on social media, Abhishek said, “If they (Muslims) can run a campaign against Hanuman ji poster on cab... then they must be prepared for a reply.” While Ola took a while to respond to Mishra’s communal tweet, twitterverse was already abuzz with chatter. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Rajasthan Royals rode to victory over Mumbai Indians, relying heavily on Krishnappa Gowtham’s 33 runs off 11 balls, in a nail biting Indian Premier League (IPL) match on 22 April in Jaipur. Gowtham smashed a match-winning six in the last over, clinching the game for the Royals. Mumbai Indians elected to bat after winning the toss. Rajasthan Royals’ Dhawal Kulkarni dismissed Mumbai Indians’ Evin Lewis in the first over, getting him out for a duck. After Lewis’ dismissal, Suryakumar Yadav and Ishan Kishan’s partnership took Mumbai Indians to 35/1 in 5 overs. Ishan Kishan and Suryakumar Yadav batted well enough to take Mumbai Indians to 112/1 in 12 overs. Kishan made 58 runs off 42 balls, before getting dismissed by Dhawal Kulkarni. Jaydev Unadkat’s over yielded two more wickets. Settled Yadav got out to Unadkat. In the same over Rajasthan Royals captain Ajinkya Rahane ran his opposite number Rohit Sharma out for a duck. However, Krunal Pandya and Kieron Pollard managed to take Indians to 153/4 in 18 overs before a brutal over from Jofra Archer, who was playing his first IPL match, crippled Mumbai Indians with three wickets. Mitchell Mcclenaghan, Krunal Pandya, and Hardik Pandya were the victims of debutant Jofra Archer in the 19th over. Archer went on to be adjudged the Man of the Match. Rajasthan Royals’ innings got off to a slow start. Krunal Pandya took Rahul Tripathi’s wicket. Captain Ajinkya Rahane also got out within the powerplay overs, caught by Krunal Pandey off a ball from Mitchell McClenaghan. Ben Stokes and Sanju Samson’s built a solid partnership adding 72 runs, taking Royals to 110/2, before Hardik Pandya bowled Stokes out. Krishnappa Gowtham was the game-changer for Rajasthan Royals. Gowtham smashed four boundaries and two sixes in 11-ball innings to see his side home. A six from Gowtham off in the third last delivery of the match hand Mumbai Indians yet another final over loss in this edition of the IPL. Rajasthan Royals won by 3 wickets and two balls to spare.     (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Former finance minister and veteran Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Yashwant Sinha announced that he quit from the Bharatiya Janata Party in Patna on 21 April to ‘save democracy’. Sinha said: In January, Sinha launched the Rashtra Manch for politicians across party lines to galvanise support against the Centre. Sinha announced his resignation at a manch meeting in SK Memorial Hall in Pune, saying, “We do not intend to turn this platform into a political party. However, if we do not speak up against the current situation prevailing in the country, the upcoming generation will hold us accountable." He was joined by actor and BJP leader Shatrugan Sinha. Hours after Sinha’s resignation, Shatrugan Sinha dared the ruling party to take action against him if it wants to, but made it clear he wouldn’t resign from its membership on his own. Shatrughan Sinha has been at loggerheads with the current BJP leadership since the 2015 Bihar elections. He has often taken a stance at variance with the official party line, including on demonetisation, implementation of the GST, and on the Union government’s policy on Kashmir. "I heard that the party is contemplating to take action against me since the Bihar Assembly polls, but they did not take action. Are they so helpless that they will look for a  to expel (me)?" the Patna Saheb lawmaker said. Sinha kept up his criticism of the government. He criticised the poor functioning of the recent parliamentary sessions on account of the Gujarat elections. “For the first time in history, a parliamentary session was cut short due to election in a particular state. There hasn’t been a session shorter than the recent winter session,” adding, “I have also been a part of the NDA government, and when Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the prime minister, it was his order that the parliament function at all times,” Sinha said. Actor and BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha backed Sinha up. He said, “These are not anti-party activities. This is your loyalty towards your country because a party is bigger than an individual and a country is bigger than a party.” Commenting on the event, BJP spokesperson Anil Baluni said:    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Speculations are rife about Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, who has been fielded from Chamundeshwari constituency in Mysuru, will be opting Badami in Bagalkote district of north Karnataka as his second seat. Amid conjectures, BJP general secretary P Murlidhar Rao’s tweeted in Hindi asking Siddaramaiah about his plans to contest the 12 May Assembly polls from two constituencies. Siddaramaiah, in response, took a jibe at Rao and asked him to tweet in Kannada or English. Rao, who is in-charge of Karnataka, asked whether "Siddaramaiah was scared about winning Chamundeshwari seat" in Mysuru. Replying to Rao in Kannada, Siddaramaiah tweeted, "Sir, tweet in Kannada or English. Don't understand"Hindi." But neither Rao nor Siddaramaiah stopped at that. While Rao tweeted the same message in Kannada, Siddaramaiah gloated saying he was “happy he could teach Rao how to tweet in Kannada!” Siddaramaiah has said that he was under pressure from Congress leaders from Bagalkote and Bijapur districts to" contest from Badami, but maintained that he would abide by the high command's decision. The Congress, in its list of candidates for 218 seats "announced on 15 April, had named Dr Devraj Patil as its" nominee from Badami. But issuing of B-form (required to be filed by a political party mentioning name of its approved candidate) to Patil has been put on hold. Badami with a strong presence of Karubas, the community to which Siddaramaiah belongs, was seen as the second safe option for the Chief Minister as reports have suggested that the battle in Chamundeshwari will not be an easy one for him. Siddaramaiah has won five times and tasted defeat twice at Chamundeshwari, from where he has been announced as the candidate. He has been representing Varuna constituency in Mysuru since 2008, which has now been allotted to his son Yatindra. Speaking to reporters here today, Siddaramaiah said he had conveyed to the high command, his desire to contest only from Chamundeshwari constituency.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
President Ram Nath Kovind on Sunday, 22 April, promulgated the criminal law amendment ordinance, paving the way for providing stringent punishment, including death penalty, for those convicted of raping girls below the age of 12 years. The President's nod to the ordinance comes after the Union Cabinet's approval for tightening the law against people involved in raping minors, following public outcry over cases of sexual assault and murder of minors in Kathua and Surat and the rape of a girl in Unnao. The Union Cabinet had on Saturday, 21 April, approved the ordinance to allow courts to award death penalty to those convicted of raping children up to the age of 12. Official sources in New Delhi said that the criminal law amendment ordinance seeks to amend the Indian Penal Code (IPC), the Evidence Act, the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC), and the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act to introduce a new provision to sentence convicts of such crimes the punishment of death. The rape of a minor in Uttar Pradesh's Unnao district had also outraged the nation. A senior official in the ministry of Women and Child Development earlier told , “Since Parliament is not in session and considering the urgency of the situation, we have decided to bring an ordinance to implement the changes in the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012.” Presently under the POCSO Act, the maximum punishment for aggravated assault on minors is life in jail. The minimum sentence is seven years in jail. The ordinance also enhances the minimum sentence for rape from seven years to 10 years in jail, which could also be extended to life imprisonment. State governments, too, have been working to enforce death penalty for child rapists. Recently, the Vasundhara Raje-led Rajasthan government approved a bill seeking death penalty for those convicted of raping children aged 12 or less. Madhya Pradesh and Haryana too have filed similar proposals. Apart from amendments related to the POCSO Act, the government is also likely to discuss ordinances to initiate confiscation of properties of economic offenders who have fled the country to avoid facing criminal prosecution. This comes after jeweller Nirav Modi fled the country recently after defrauding the Punjab National Bank of Rs 14,000 crore, just months after businessman Vijay Mallya pulled off the same act. The bill is likely to be taken up is the Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill, 2018, which is still pending in Parliament. Properties of those who have an outstanding amount of Rs 100 crore or more and have left the country, will be attached under this law. Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) chairperson Swati Maliwal announced she will end her fast on Sunday, 22 April, after the ordinance was approved. Maliwal was on the ninth day of her fast at Rajghat in New Delhi. Earlier on Saturday, Maliwal had tweeted she won't end her fast until "something concrete happens" to ensure safety of the girl child. In a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Maliwal had mentioned her six demands, which included the passage of the ordinance, recruitment of police personnel as per the United Nations standards, and fixing accountability of the police force. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Delhi Commission for Women chief Swati Maliwal broke her fast on Sunday, 22 April, after President Ram Nath Kovind signed an ordinance, promulgating a stringent punishment, including the death penalty, for those convicted of raping girls below 12 years. Breaking her indefinite hunger strike with a glass of juice, Maliwal said: Maliwal had been on strike for the last ten days at Rajghat in New Delhi, where she was visited by Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Friday. Kejriwal had reportedly urged her to end her fast, but she has said she will continue until all her demands were met. Earlier, Maliwal had tweeted: In a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Maliwal had mentioned her six demands, which included the passage of the ordinance, recruitment of police personnel as per the United Nations standards and fixing accountability of the police force. She had sought that files relating to the recruitment of 14,000 police personnel – approved by the Home Ministry but pending with the Finance Ministry – be cleared. She had demanded setting up of fast-track courts across India to try rape cases, and the constitution of a high-level committee, comprising the home minister, the lieutenant governor and the Delhi chief minister, to review issues related to the safety of women in the national capital. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
After weeks of uncertainty, the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)) on Sunday, 22 April, unanimously elected Sitaram Yechury as the party’s general secretary at its 22nd party congress. His election to the post for the second time was approved by the Left party's newly-elected 95-member central committee. The 65-year-old leader had taken over as general secretary of the CPI(M) from Prakash Karat at the 21st party congress, which was held in Visakhapatnam in 2015. "We had a momentous congress, detailed discussions and important decisions, we have taken in this congress. If any message that should go to rank and file and our class enemy is that CPI(M) has emerged as a united party," Yechury said in his speech on the concluding session of the party congress. Several names were being discussed in party circles as Yechury's successor in the run up to the mega meet, which began on 18 April. Prakash Karat, Brinda Karat, Sarkar, Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan, Kerala CPI(M) leader S Ramachandran Pillai and West Bengal leader Biman Basu are among the members of the central committee. Yechury's political line had faced a major challenge regarding whether or not the CPI(M) should involve the Congress to take on the BJP. The party leadership on Saturday chose a middle path by deciding to amend the official draft on the issue by omitting the crucial phrase "no understanding" with the Congress, which was a victory of sorts of the "minority view" held by Yechury. The official draft, backed by Prakash Karat, had said the party should unite all secular democratic forces "without having an understanding or electoral alliance with the Congress party". But in the amended document, it is now written that the party can unite secular democratic forces "without having a political alliance with the Congress party", thus keeping the doors open for an electoral understanding. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Taking his party's fight against the Congress to the Gandhi family's pocket borough, BJP president Amit Shah on Saturday, 21 April, said his party would rid Rae Bareli, the Lok Sabha constituency of former Congress president Sonia Gandhi, of 'parivarvad' and take it on the path of development. Addressing a public meeting in Rae Bareli, Shah said Rae Bareli voted for top Congress leaders but had not witnessed development since Independence. "The Congress and its top leadership have ruled in Uttar Pradesh and Rae Bareli for years but the 'bhumi pujan' (ground breaking ceremony) of community health centre and primary health centre was carried out only lately and the Yogi Adityanath-led state government has done a lot for the constituency... now with some Congress leaders here joining the BJP, it is our responsibility to develop it by leaps and bounds," he said. "We will develop it as an ideal constituency and a model district," he said, virtually blowing the BJP's election bugle with the Lok Sabha polls barely some months away. He said before the Yogi Adityanath dispensation assumed office, Uttar Pradesh was known for 'goonda raj' and bad law and order. "...Yogi government has established rule of law," he said. On acquittal of Swami Aseemanand in the Mecca Masjid blast case earlier this week, he sought to target the Congress over the party's attempts to "defame" Hindus in terror cases. Shah said he wanted to tell Rae Bareli people that he had been touring all over the country and "I can say Narendra Modi government will come back with a bigger mandate in 2019". Exuding confidence that the BJP will win the Karnataka assembly election, he said, "The BJP will have its 16th state government in the country after May 15." Though the BJP swept Uttar Pradesh in the 2014 general election, the BJP lost both Rae Bareli and Amethi to the Congress. This time the BJP is out to test Rae Bareli's love for the Nehru-Gandhi family currently represented by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, a four-term MP. Amethi is represented in Parliament by Congress president Rahul Gandhi. Earlier, a minor fire broke out at the venue of the public meeting, triggering panic and commotion in the audience but was later contained. Shah and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath were present on the dais at the time of the incident.The fire halted the programme was stopped for a while.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
As Congress and six other Opposition parties came together to move a notice for the impeachment of the CJI Dipak Misra on Friday, 20 April, a few notable party members remained absent. Choosing not to be a party to the cause in the list of 64 Rajya Sabha members was former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh,  reported. "We didn't involve Manmohan Singh intentionally as he is an ex-PM," Congress leader Kapil Sibal confirmed at a press conference. Sibal refuted claims that Singh refused to be a signatory, terming the rumours as “false,” the NDTV report added. Sibal also denied reports that Singh had refused to sign the petition. Leaders of the seven opposition parties, led by Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad, submitted the notice of impeachment against the Chief Justice citing five grounds of misbehaviour to Vice-President M Venkaiah Naidu on Friday afternoon. Lawyers P Chidambaram and Abhishek Manu Singhvi too stayed at bay from the affairs of the impeachment motion, the NDTV report added. Senior Congress leader and former law minister Salman Khurshid opposed the party-led impeachment motion. Echoing a similar thought was fellow colleague Ashwani Kumar who felt the move “could have been avoided.” Speaking to ANI, he said, “I am on a larger principle and the larger principle is that impeachment is the extreme remedy and that too against the chief justice, which is an unprecedented move.” The parties were Congress, Mayawati's BSP, Samajwadi Party, Sharad Pawar's NCP, CPM, Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) and Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM). The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) members had signed the notice but retracted it later,  reported. With merely six months for the completion of CJI MIsra’s term, Trinamool Congress felt it was not legally advisable to support the motion and therefore didn’t sign the notice. Rashtriya Janata Dal too followed suit, the  report added. The Congress, however, hinted at a general ‘consensus’ for the impeachment. The move comes a day after the SC ruling in the CBI Judge BH Loya’s death case. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his blog slammed the “Congress and its friends” for using the impeachment as a political tool. He further termed the Congress’ move to impeach the CJI as a revenge petition after their ‘falsehoods’ in the Judge Loya case stood exposed. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
At an event in London, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “Don't politicise rape incidents.” So, here’s a step-by-step guide on how NOT to politicise rape cases, taught to us by the Bharatiya Janata Party themselves. Finish.   (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Video Editor: Mohd Irshad Alam In an unprecedented step, Congress and six other opposition parties on Friday moved a notice for the impeachment of Chief Justice of India Deepak Misra, accusing him of five counts of "misbehaviour" and "misusing" authority. The opposition parties met Vice President and Rajya Sabha chairman M Venkaiah Naidu, and handed over a notice for the impeachment of the Chief Justice of India (CJI), with signatures of 64 MPs of the Upper House. No Chief Justice has ever been impeached in India, and any decision on the notice by the Opposition parties against the CJI is likely to be taken by the Vice President following legal consultations. He further said, "When SC judges themselves believe", the judiciary's independence is under threat, "alluding to the functioning of the CJI, should we stand still and do nothing?" The five charges levelled against the CJI in the notice include "conspiracy to pay illegal gratification" in the Prasad Education Trust case, and denial of permission to proceed against a retired high court judge in the same matter. The MPs who signed the notice belong to the Congress, the NCP, the CPI-M and CPI, the SP, the BSP and the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML). The leaders of these parties earlier met in Parliament and gave the final shape to the notice for impeachment. Among those who attended the meeting in Parliament were Congress leaders Azad, Sibal and Randeep Surjewala, besides CPI's D Raja and NCP's Vandana Chavan. The opposition alleged that sensitive cases were assigned to handpicked judges. Once the notice for impeachment is submitted to the Rajya Sabha chairman, he will ascertain whether there is merit or ground for moving such a motion. The impeachment notice comes a day after the Supreme Court rejected a bunch of petitions seeking an independent probe into the death of Judge BH Loya, who was hearing the Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter case. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Shane Watson’s 106 runs off 51 balls gave Chennai Super Kings a decisive victory over Rajasthan Royals, handing CSK their third victory in the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2018. Veteran Australian all-rounder Watson took just 51 deliveries to bring up his third IPL century, guided by nine boundaries and six sixes, to propel Chennai to a massive 204/5 at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium which is the southern franchise's new home venue. In reply, Rajasthan were bowled out for 140 in 18.3 overs as they suffered a second straight loss after winning the first two. Put in to bat, Chennai were off to a decent start as openers Watson and Ambati Rayudu (12) shared a 50-run partnership for the opening wicket in 4.2 overs. Medium pacer Ben Laughlin drew first blood for Rajasthan as he sent back Rayudu in the fifth over. Watson was then joined by Suresh Raina and the duo stitched together an 81-run partnership for the second wicket. Raina chipped in with a crucial 47-run knock before falling in the 12th over to a Shreyas Gopal delivery which left CSK on 131/2. K Gowtham, Stuart Binny and Ben Stokes were severely punished by Raina and Watson. The Australian hit spinner Gowtham for three sixes, while left-arm medium pacer Jaydev Unadkat also got hit for two sixes by the retired international. CSK then lost the wickets of Mahendra Singh Dhoni (5) and Sam Billings (3) with the addition of another 30 runs. It was leggie Shreyas again, who struck to dismiss both the Chennai batters. Meanwhile, Watson kept the scoreboard ticking and added 41 runs with Dwayne Bravo to take CSK past the 200-run mark. Bravo remained unbeaten on 24 runs facing 16 balls. The Australian all-rounder however, fell in the last over but it was too late for Rajasthan as CSK posted a massive 205-run target against them. For Rajasthan, Shreyas was the pick of the bowlers, with figures of 3/20, while Australian Laughlin bagged a couple of wickets conceding 38 runs. During the chase, Rajasthan lost wickets at regular intervals and never looked like to be in contention. Their start to the innings was quite poor. Deepak Chahar's away-moving ball was edged to first slip by Heinrich Klassen but Watson dropped the catch coming at his chest height in the second delivery of the first over. However, Shardul Thakur removed the South African, who was bowled in the fifth delivery of the second over, with the visiting side's score at 20. In the following over, Chahar dismissed Sanju Samson (2) as the Kerala batsman failed to handle a bouncer, managing it to touch it with the top-end of the bat. Chahar then dismissed Ajinkya Rahane (16 off 11) when the latter missed the line attempting a cross-bat stroke, leaving his side at 32/3 in 4.3 overs. The writing was on the wall for Rajasthan and a 45-run fourth-wicket stand between Englishmen Ben Stokes (45 off 37) and Jos Buttler (22 off 17) could do little to give them some hopes. Buttler perished as the ball went up in the air after he failed to time a rising delivery from medium pacer Dwayne Bravo. Imran Tahir took an easy catch to end the partnership, with Rajasthan at 77/4 in 10.1 overs. Bravo then sent Rahul Tripathi (5) packing before the left-hander Stokes was caught on the leg side by Sam Billings as he tried to slog sweep leg-spinner Tahir. The wicket of Stokes was nail in the coffin for the visitors who were reduced to 111/6 in 13.5 overs. Watson then got the wicket of K Gowtham (1) and Bravo dismissed Stuart Binny (10) to reduce CSK to 117/8. Finally, Karn Sharma wrapped up the Royals’ innings by dismissing Jaydev Unadkat and Ben Laughlin in two successive deliveries in the 19th over. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah was on 19 April, Thursday, heckled by some protesters at the Berkeley University in US, where he was invited to deliver a lecture. A video of the incident shows four hecklers stalling Abdullah with questions, to which he responds by saying that the protesters are not ‘Kashmiris’. However, Abdullah took to Twitter to state that he had a ‘great session’ at the University, despite the heckling. In the video, a woman protester is clearly heard calling Abdullah and his father ‘war criminals’, adding that she would take them to the International Court of Justice. According to Outlook, a group of protesters from the University had signed a petition to prevent Abdullah from speaking at the event. Titled ‘Stop Omar Abdullah from speaking at UC Berkeley’, the petition read: (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader S Ve Shekher courted controversy on Thursday, 20 April, by sharing a Facebook post commenting on the incident of the Tamil Nadu Governor patting the cheeks of a female journalist in Chennai. In the  (which has now been taken down), derogatory remarks were made about women journalists, as reported by The Facebook post was titled “Madurai University, Governor and the Virgin Cheeks of a Girl”. The post goes on to demean female reporters and claims girls have to sleep with bigwigs to become reporters. However, later the BJP leader issued an apology claiming that he had not read the post carefully before sharing it. The post was credited to ‘Thirumalai S’ who Shekher said “is a strong BJP supporter in the US”. However, agitated by the comments made by the BJP leader, Chennai journalists have decided to hold a protest against Shekher and the party’s national secretary H Raja, who is accused of calling Kanimozhi an an illegitimate child. Journalists slammed Shekher for his “progressive” remarks about the way female reporters make their way up in the industry. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Ending what has been a legally tumultuous panchayat poll process, a single-judge bench of the Calcutta High Court on 20 April directed the State Election Commission (SEC) to announce fresh election dates for the West Bengal panchayat polls. The polls were earlier scheduled to be held in three phases on 1, 3 and 5 May, with counting on 8 May. Last week, opposition parties contested the poll panel’s decision to revoke an order extending the dates of nomination for the polls, which it had issued a few hour earlier. The reason given by the panel for the cancellation of the extension order was a letter of legal advice from the state’s Additional Chief Secretary Saurabh Kumar Das and ruling Trinamool Congress's Vice President Kalyan Banerjee, that the notification was a violation of Panchayat Act's section 46 (2). The court’s order overruled the State Election Commission’s order, and is being seen as a blow to the SEC as well as the Trinamool Congress. Arguing for the Trinamool in court earlier, Banerjee had said the election dates were fixed by the SEC in consultation with the SEC, as it meant mobilising a lot of rural resources and also stalling development work. Opposition parties, on the other hand, have accused the election commission of being “unable to maintain the dignity of its responsibility” and failed in its duty to ensure free and fair elections. The panchayat poll nominations in Bengal have seen a series of violence, and opposition parties had moved court accusing the Trinamool of unleashing massive pre-poll violence on its workers to prevent them from filing nominations. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
As Congress-led Opposition on Friday, 20 April, moved an impeachment motion against the Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, the Supreme Court sought Attorney General (AG) KK Venugopal’s advice on restraining the media from publishing such “scandalous” stories against the judiciary. "We are all very disturbed about it," a bench comprising Justices AK Sikri and Ashok Bhushan said after the counsel appearing for a petitioner raised the issue of politicians making public statements on impeachment of judges. However, he reportedly added that the apex court will not pass orders without hearing what the AG had to say. The Opposition’s meeting called by senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad comes days after the party had said that the option of moving an impeachment motion against the CJI was still open. Opposition parties including the Samajwadi Party, the Bahujan Samaj Party, the Rashtriya Janata Dal, the Communist Party of India, and the Nationalist Congress Party reportedly attended the meeting. Over 60 MPs belonging to seven political parties have signed the notice for impeachment proceedings against CJI, reported PTI, quoting sources. Congress leaders had earlier remarked that the issues raised by four senior-most Supreme Court judges have not been addressed yet by the CJI. The Congress kept the move on hold, saying it wanted to get as much support as possible from other parties. CJI Misra is scheduled to retire in October 2018. (The Quint is now on WhatsApp. To receive handpicked stories on topics you care about, subscribe to our WhatsApp services. Just go to  and hit the Subscribe button.	The Quint
Mohd Irshad Alam In December 2012, as the gangrape of a 23-year-old paramedic student shook the conscience of this nation, CBFC Chief Prasoon Joshi was among the thousands of protesters who took to the streets. His poetry reverberated across television screens, striking chords far and wide. Cut to April 2018, as protests peaked against the gangrape of an 8-year-old in Jammu and Kashmir, as rallies led by politicians waved the tricolour and defended her alleged rapists, the same Prasoon Joshi spoke not a single word. Neither poetry, nor prose. Late on Wednesday night, as his interview with Prime Minister Narendra Modi played across television screens worldwide, Joshi’s silence on Kathua and Unnao spoke louder than any of the ‘tough questions’ he fielded. This time, the poetry he recited was not in protest, it was in praise.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Calcutta High Court will deliver its verdict on a clutch of Opposition petitions alleging a “reign of terror” unleashed by the ruling Trinamool Congress to prevent Opposition candidates from filing their nomination. State BJP general secretary Pratap Banerjee, who had moved the petition, said, “The court has completed the hearing today and tomorrow it will deliver its verdict. We believe the people of the state will get justice.” The HC on Thursday, 19 April, also extended its stay on the panchayat poll process till Friday. The single-judge bench of Justice Subrata Talukdar will deliver the verdict at 4.30 pm on Friday. The BJP in its petition also criticised the State Election Commission’s move to withdraw the notification extending the last date of filing of panchayat nominations. (Source: The BJP on Thursday, 19 April, said it will take a delegation of party workers, who were “attacked” by the Trinamool Congress during filing of nominations, to Delhi meet the Prime Minister and President and “expose TMC-sponsored violence.” “We will take a delegation of our party workers and candidates for panchayat polls who were beaten up by TMC workers to Delhi on 24 April. We will expose the real law and order situation in the state before the prime minister and the president. We will also apprise other political parties of the present situation in Bengal,” said former BJP MLA Samik Bhattacharya. He said the details of the visit to the national capital will be made public in the next few days. (Source: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) would plant more fruit-bearing trees with strong roots to withstand the kind of storm that hit the city on Tuesday and left 18 people dead. Over 300 trees were uprooted during the 15-minute storm and caused most of the deaths. Mayor-in-council member Debasish Kumar said that most of uprooted trees had weak roots and were planted during the Left Front rule in West Bengal. “Over the past seven years, we have not planted Krishnachura and Radhachura trees. These are the trees that have been mostly uprooted. These trees have weak roots and are too high in size,’’ Kumar said. Environmentalist Subhash Dutta blamed pandals and Durga puja decorations for preventing flow of water to trees among various reasons for weakening of their roots. “Underground wiring too damages roots of a tree,’’ he told . He blamed deforestation for the problem as well. (Source: The West Bengal Medical Council on Thursday, 19 April, decided to charge-sheet doctors accused in the Kuheli Chakraborty medical negligence case exactly a year after the four-month-old baby died after colonoscopy at a Kolkata hospital. Thursday’s move came three weeks after the same council found two doctors guilty of medical negligence in the similarly-high-profile Sanjay Roy death case. The two decisions taken together indicate an increased oversight on healthcare establishments by government agencies, say senior health department officials. “We have taken a decision to charge-sheet doctors accused of medical negligence in the Kuheli Chakraborty death case. The chargesheet will be issued soon,” WBMC registrar Dr Manas Chakraborti said. He did not clarify whether all three doctors accused in the case would be issued the chargesheet. (Source: The National Green Tribunal ordered the Bengal government on Thursday, 19 April, to allow the supply of the environment-friendly compressed natural gas to major parts of the Calcutta Metropolitan Area (CMA) and not just the area under the Calcutta Municipal Corporation. CMA comprises the area under the Calcutta civic body as well as urban centres in adjacent districts. Metro had on 11 April reported that the state had filed an affidavit before the eastern zonal bench of the tribunal stating it had allowed the "area of operation within Calcutta Municipal Corporation only.” The state was referring to the area of operation of the proposed joint venture between GAIL, a central organisation, and Greater Calcutta Gas Supply Corporation (GCGSC), a Bengal government agency. (Source: The recent spurt in child sexual abuse, the need for awareness about the laws and preventive action were discussed at a day-long seminar at Jadavpur University on Thursday, 19 April. Students, activists and lawyers discussed different aspects of child abuse and exchanged opinions and real-life experiences. "There has been an alarming rise in incidents of child abuse at home. According to data recently released by the National Crime Records Bureau, crimes against children have increased in 2015 and 2016," said Ananya Chatterjee Chakraborti, the chairperson of the West Bengal Commission for Protection of Child Rights, at the inaugural session of the seminar organised by the sociology department of the university, Indian Sociological Society and NGO Save the Children. (Source: St Xavier's University is planning a sports academy that will offer long and short-term courses as well as a law school on the lines of the West Bengal National University of Juridical Sciences. Father Felix Raj, the vice chancellor of the university, said on Thursday, 19 April, the sports academy would be the first-of-its-kind within any Indian institution run by the Jesuit Fathers. The academy will have postgraduate and undergraduate courses, besides short-term certificate programmes. "We might run an undergraduate course in hockey, cricket or football. If it is possible, we can have a separate unit for boxing where specialised training can be offered. We will also have programmes in sports management and sports science," Felix Raj said. (Source: (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The All India Muslim Majlis-e-Mushawarat (AIMMM) on Thursday, 19 April, wrote to Delhi Police Commissioner Amulya Patnaik seeking appropriate action against BJP youth wing leader Manish Chandela, after he allegedly admitted to burning down a  in New Delhi earlier this month. The AIMMM also attached the screenshots of Chandela's tweets wherein he claimed to have set the Rohingya refugee camp in Kalindi Kunj ablaze. Chandela had tweeted at 2.16 am on April 15. Senior Supreme Court advocate Prashant Bhushan also took to Twitter to highlight the laxity on the part of the Delhi Police and the Central government. A fire had broken out at the refugee camp near Kalindi Kunj in south Delhi on the intervening night of 14 April and 15 April that quickly engulfed the entire camp. More than 200 residents lost all their belongings, including identity cards and special visas issued by the United Nations.    (The Quint is now on WhatsApp. To receive handpicked stories on topics you care about, subscribe to our WhatsApp services. Just go to  and hit the Subscribe button.	The Quint
The UK government tendered an apology on Thursday, 19 April, over the Indian flag in Parliament Square in London being pulled down, torn and stamped on by individuals protesting against India and the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, reported The flag was replaced soon after the Ministry of External Affairs expressed deep anguish over the incident. The Indian flag was torn down from one of the official flagpoles set up for all 53 Commonwealth countries at London’s Parliament Square. The incident comes during PM Modi’s visit to UK for bilateral talks as well as the multilateral Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM). Addressing a press conference, MEA spokesperson Raveesh Kumar had said: Some groups protesting at the Parliament Square against atrocities in India had turned violent on Wednesday, 18 April, as the Indian tricolour was torn down from the flagpole. In a statement issued earlier, the Metropolitan Police said: Meanwhile, a UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) spokesperson said that they had contacted High Commissioner Yashvardhan Kumar Sinha as soon as they were made aware of the incident. "While people have the right to hold peaceful protests, we are disappointed with the action taken by a small minority in Parliament Square…” the spokesperson said. Pro-Khalistani demonstrators from Sikh Federation UK and demonstrators from the ‘Minorities Against Modi’ group, led by Pakistani-origin peer Lord Ahmed, were among nearly 500 protesters who had descended upon Parliament Square, reported PTI.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
At least 48 MPs and MLAs have declared cases related to crime against women, with BJP having the highest number of such politicians at 12, a report said on Thursday, 19 April, amid a nationwide outrage over rape incidents, including in UP's Unnao where a ruling party lawmaker is an accused. This includes 45 MLAs and 3 MPs, who have declared cases of crime against women, such as charges related to assault of woman with intent to outrage her modesty, kidnapping, abducting or inducing woman to compel her to marriage, rape, domestic violence and trafficking, the Delhi-based think-tank said. Giving party-wise details, the report said that BJP has the highest number of MPs and MLAs, that is, 12, followed by Shiv Sena (7) and Trinamool Congress (6) who have declared cases related to crime against women. The report is based on an analysis of 4,845 out of 4,896 election affidavits of current MPs and MLAs. This includes 768 out of 776 affidavits of MPs and 4,077 out of 4,120 affidavits of MLAs across the country. "All major political parties give tickets to candidates with cases of crime against women, especially rape, and therefore, hindering the safety and dignity of women as citizens. These are serious cases where charges have been framed and cognisance has been taken by the courts. Hence, political parties have been, in a way, abetting to circumstances that lead to such events that they so easily but vehemently condemn in Parliament," the report said. ADR and National Election Watch (NEW) have recommended that candidates with serious criminal background should be debarred from contesting elections. Also, political parties should disclose the criteria on which candidates are given tickets and the cases against MPs and MLAs should be fast-tracked and decided upon in a time-bound manner, they added. As per the analysis, 327 candidates who had declared cases related to crime against women were given tickets by recognised political parties. Also, 118 independent candidates with declared cases related to crime against women had contested for Lok Sabha, Rajya Sabha and state assembly elections in the last five years. Among major parties, in the last five years, 47 candidates with declared cases related to crime against women were given tickets by the BJP. As many as 35 such candidates were given tickets by BSP, followed by 24 from Congress. The candidates had contested in Lok Sabha, Rajya Sabha and state assembly polls. The report also noted that among states, in the last five years, Maharashtra had the highest number of such candidates at 65, followed by Bihar (62) and West Bengal (52) (including independents). The analysis comes at a time when there are rising rape incidents, including those reported from Kathua in Jammu and Kashmir, Unnao in UP and Surat in Gujarat.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Kings XI Punjab beat an in-form Sunrisers Hyderabad by 15 runs, riding to victory on Chris Gayle’s 58-ball century, in Mohali on Thursday. First, Chris Gayle's unbeaten 104-run knock helped Punjab post a mammoth 193/3 and then, their bowlers managed to restrict the visitors to 178/4 in their allotted 20 overs. Chasing a massive target, Hyderabad never looked in contention as the visitors lost wickets at regular intervals. Hyderabad's in-form opener Shikhar Dhawan got injured on his first ball and from then, the required rate kept on increasing and none of the batsmen scored freely. Skipper Kane Williamson (54) and middle-order batsman Manish Pandey (57 not out), however tried to narrow the gap between the runs but lack of support from other batters was costly. Yusuf Pathan (19) and Shakib Al Hasan (24 not out) also displayed the signs of coming back to form but could not contribute handsomely. For Punjab, Mohit Sharma and Andrew Tye took two wickets each. Earlier, Gayle struck a 63-ball 104, laced with 11 sixes and a boundary to set the jam-packed stadium on fire. Opting to bat, Punjab started on a cautious note as openers Lokesh Rahul (18) and Gayle stitched a 53-run partnership for the opening wicket. Afghan leg-spinner Rashid Khan drew first blood for Hyderabad, dismissing Rahul in the eighth over. Medium pacer Siddarth Kaul provided another jolt to the hosts, dismissing incoming batsman Mayank Agarwal (18) in the 11th over. Gayle was then joined by Karun Nair (31 off 21 balls; 4x3, 6x1) and the duo shared a 85-run partnership for the third wicket, taking Punjab past the 150-run mark. By then, Gayle had brought up his sixth IPL ton in just 58 deliveries, with a squeezy drive to point off Kaul and thereafter unleashing his trademark 'baby in the arms' celebration. Pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar got rid-off Nair in the 18th over but Gayle continued to hammer every Hyderabad bowler. Australian Aaron Finch's 14 not out off 6 balls in the final moments propelled Punjab to a massive total even as Gayle remained a spectator at the other end. For Hyderabad, Bhuvneshwar, Rashid and Kaul bagged one wicket apiece. Brief Scores: Kings XI Punjab 193/3 (Chris Gayle 104 not out, Karun Nair 31; Bhuvneshwar Kumar 1/25) vs Sunrisers Hyderabad 178/4 (Manish Pandey 57 not out; Andrew Tye 2/23) . (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Madras High Court on Wednesday, 18 April, directed the police to file a comprehensive report by 6 June listing out the number of criminal cases booked across the state with respect to crimes against women, including murder, stalking and chain-snatching in recent years, and the status of the cases. Justices Huluvadi G Ramesh and M Dhandapani issued the direction to government counsel on a public interest litigation petition filed by advocate AP Suryaprakasam. The petitioner wanted special teams of women officers in every police station to protect women who were stalked, eve-teased and subjected to mental and physical violence. (Source: ) Although the Tamil film industry strike was formally called off on Tuesday night, some prominent names in the industry have called for the continuation of the strike until 3 May when the Centre is set to submit draft ‘scheme’ on Cauvery water sharing to the Supreme Court. Some social media users appeared to endorse the call. Actor Udhayanidhi Stalin, son of DMK working president MK Stalin, tweeted on Wednesday, 18 April, that it was only fair to postpone the release of new Tamil films after a few in the film industry, supporting the call by Tamil nationalist parties, successfully protested against the holding of the IPL matches in Chennai. (Source: ) The Greater Chennai Corporation on Wednesday, 18 April, entered into an agreement with Brussels-Capital region for cooperation in several areas, which include Smart City Mission, Urban Development and Shelter for Urban Homeless. A release quoted Minister of Municipal Administration SP Velumani as saying the agreement aimed at promoting common values of democracy, human dignity, human rights, solidarity and environmental protection. “I am also happy to note that the Brussels Capital Region, has already provided sufficient budgetary provision for projects, for civil society organizations, in partnership regions, including Tamil Nadu, especially Chennai,” he said. Velumani added that the Greater Chennai Corporation had already entered into a memorandum of understanding, with Ulsan Metropolitan City, Republic of Korea, for promoting friendly relations between the two cities. (Source: ) In the season of growing crimes against women in the city, a 25-year-old man was arrested on Wednesday, 18 April, for the murder of a 19-year-old nursing student in Choolaimedu. He had dumped her body behind the Koyambedu vegetable market on 6 April. According to the police, on 9 April, Rajendran, 60, from Vriddhachalam, lodged a complaint in the Choolaimedu police station stating that his 19-year-old daughter was missing from 6 April. Along with six of her friends, the young woman was staying on the second floor of a house on Veerapandi Street, Choolaimedu. A friend of hers, stayed with her husband Ajith Kumar in the adjacent house, said a police officer. (Source: ) Several senior scientists, including Nobel laureates and Padma awardees, besides national science academies, have appealed to the people of Tamil Nadu to support the setting up of India-based Neutrino Observatory (INO) proposed to come up in Theni district in south Tamil Nadu, assuring that all environmental regulations will be adhered to and there was no need for residents to be relocated for the project. “It is absolutely safe and would not affect either the environment or the water table,” they said. The appeal comes in the wake of protests by local residents, activists and political parties after the Union Ministry of Environment and Forests gave its nod for the project recently. Incidentally, MDMK chief Vaiko is on a padayatra against setting up of the lab in Theni. (Source: ) The Tamil Nadu government will set up 162 centres across the state to identify hearing problems in newborns using Oto Acoustic Emission (OAE), Health Minister C Vijayabaskar has said. The OAE is used to identify hearing impairment in newborns. The state was aiming to eradicate hearing impairment, the minister said, adding that under the Chief Minister’s Comprehensive Medical Insurance Scheme, cochlear implants were being provided to children below the age of 6. “Till now, 2,968 children have been provided with cochlear implants,” he said. Separately, at a review meeting held by Labour Minister Nilofer Kafeel, the Minister asked officials to quickly resolve issues raised under various labour laws. (Source: ) The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Thursday, 19 April, granted interim advance bail to R Sathiyapriya, wife of B Ramasamy who married Rajya Sabha member Sasikala Pushpa on 26 March in New Delhi defying a family court’s stay on his marriage with any other woman. Sathyapriya filed the anticipatory bail plea apprehending arrest by North Avenue Police, New Delhi, in a case registered recently against her under the IPC, Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act and the Pocso Act on the basis of a complaint lodged by Ramasamy. The petitioner said she had been falsely implicated in the case registered the day after the illegal marriage of her husband to Sasikala Pushpa, through a statement from her step-daughter Anjalai Ramasamy. The step-daughter had claimed before the police that Sathyapriya had not taken care of her properly, used abusive words against her and behaved indecently. (Source: ) (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Milind Ekbote, accused of instigating Bhima Koregaon violence on 1 January, has been granted bail by a Pune sessions court against a bond of Rs 25,000, reported ANI. Ekbote was accused of instigating violence against Dalits at Bhima Koregaon and had been arrested from his home in Pune on 14 March, after the Supreme Court refused to grant him anticipatory bail. The pleaders in the case had completed their arguments on Tuesday, reported . On 1 January 2018, activists carrying saffron flags attacked people gathered at Bhima Koregaon. One person died in the violence, while many others were injured. Dalits had gathered in Bhima Koregaon, about 40 km from Pune city, to commemorate a 200-year-old battle when a Dalit dominated British Army had defeated the Peshwas in Maharashtra. Dalit leaders and workers present at the site alleged that Ekbote and Sambhaji Bhide had instigated the violence, reported . (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Rajasthan Royals and Chennai Super Kings, the two franchises that returned to the IPL after serving bans in the aftermath of the 2013 spot-fixing scandal, will come face to face for the first time in the ongoing edition, keen to regain lost momentum, in Pune on Friday, 20 April. A loss in their last outing has hurt both the former champions, and they will look to get back to winning ways when they face off. Both the teams were missing in action owing to a two-year ban for corruption. Rajasthan, under new captain Ajinkya Rahane, had a bad start to the campaign, but they have done well with two back-to-back wins before Kolkata Knight Riders outclassed them by seven wickets. On a slow wicket, Rahane and Co failed to stitch partnerships and ended up with a below-par total of 160-8 on board, which KKR chased down with consummate ease, losing three wickets. Rahane has made some useful contributions but he failed to capitalise on the stars. Their bowling unit, led by K Gowtham and Ben Laughlin, have done well. They sustained the onslaught by big hitters like Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers during their match against heavy-weight Royal Challengers Bangalore. But England all-rounder Ben Stokes, who was bought for a whopping Rs 12.5 crore by Rajasthan, has been a big let down and he needs to live up to the billing. Two-time champions Chennai, on the other hand, made a rampaging start to their campaign with back-to-back wins against defending champions Mumbai Indians and Kolkata Knight Riders. In their last match against Kings XI Punjab, Ambati Rayudu (49) and MS Dhoni (79) brought the Super Kings close to the victory target of 198 before falling short by four runs. Among bowlers, Shane Watson and Shardul Thakur led the pace attack for Chennai with five and three wickets respectively, while Imran Tahir did the job with his Leg-break googlies. The experienced spin duo of Harbhajan Singh and Ravindra Jadeja too, can be a potent force. Teams (From): Rajasthan Royals: Heinrich Klassen, Benjamin Stokes, Jaydev Unadkat, Sanju Samson, Jofra Archer, Krishnappa Gowtham, Jos Buttler, Ajinkya Rahane, Darcy Short, Rahul Tripathi, Dhawal Kulkarni, Zahir Khan Pakteen, Ben Laughlin, Stuart Binny, Dushmantha Chameera, Anureet Singh, Aryaman Vikram Birla, Midhun S, Shreyas Gopal, Prashant Chopra, Jatin Saxena, Ankit Sharma, Mahipal Lomror. Chennai Super Kings: MS Dhoni (capt), Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, Faf du Plessis, Harbhajan Singh, Dwayne Bravo, Shane Watson, Kedar Jadhav, Ambati Rayudu, Deepak Chahar, KM Asif, Kanishk Seth, Lungi Ngidi, Dhruv Shorey, Murali Vijay, Sam Billings, Mark Wood, Kshitiz Sharma, Monu Kumar, Chaitanya Bishnoi, Imran Tahir, Karn Sharma, Shardul Thakur, N Jagadeesan. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) launched a scathing attack on the Congress and Rahul Gandhi after the Supreme Court (SC) rejected pleas to probe the death of judge BH Loya on Thursday, 19 April. The BJP slammed the opposition Congress, alleging that Rahul Gandhi had an “invisible” hand behind the petitions that tried to use the judiciary to malign the image of Amit Shah. Addressing a press conference, BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said that Rahul Gandhi should be “ashamed” of conspiring against BJP President Amit Shah, and the Indian judiciary and democracy. Patra then went on to say that the Congress engages in all sorts of conspiracies after its family loses power, he alleged that Congress made an attempt to use the judiciary for political purposes and hit a "new low" in Indian politics. Meanwhile, the Congress party addressed a press conference of its own, deeming the apex court’s verdict as a ‘sad day in India’s history’. Addressing the media, Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala alleged that despite there having been ‘discrepancies’ in Loya’s post-mortem report, the SC’s decision to not announce a probe has left many questions unanswered. Stating that Congress was committed to the cause of an independent inquiry, Surjewala said: Surjewala also attacked the BJP for targeting the opposition over the verdict. The issue of Loya's death had come under spotlight in November last year, after media reports quoting his sister fueled suspicion about the circumstances surrounding it and its link to the Sohrabuddin case, which he was hearing before he died. While dismissing the plea for an independent probe, the top court on 19 April, said that with these petitions it becomes clear that a real attempt and a frontal attack was made on the independence of the judiciary. The apex court said frivolous and motivated litigation has been filed to settle political rivalry.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Speaking to the media after the Supreme Court dismissed petitions seeking an independent inquiry into the death of special CBI Judge Brijgopal Harkishan Loya, senior advocate Prashant Bhushan said that it was a “black day for the Indian judiciary,” on Thursday, 19 April. He added, “The four lower court judges in their statement had reportedly claimed that Judge Loya stayed with them in Nagpur, and when he complained of chest pain he was shifted to a hospital.” Not just Bhushan, but petitioner Tehseen Poonawalla too was indignant . While reading the judgment, Justice Chandrachud said there was no merit in the petitions, while expressing their anguish by the conduct of the counsel of the petitioners. Frivolous and motivated petitions should be discouraged, he said, adding that it was against the judiciary. Judge Loya's death had come under the spotlight in November last year after media reports quoting his sister had fuelled suspicion about circumstances surrounding it and its link to the Sohrabuddin case.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
President of the Samajwadi Party (SP), the youngest chief minister to have held office in Uttar Pradesh and a meticulous politician – Akhilesh Yadav has a rebuttal to every question posed to him, be it against his own party or the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). In an exclusive interview with ’s Editorial Director, Sanjay Pugalia, Yadav spoke on a range of issues – from demonetisation, development to Having toppled Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath and Deputy Chief Minister Keshav Prasad Maurya from their own constituency in the Gorakhpur and Phulpur bypolls, with the help of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), Yadav said that this was a warning for the BJP. He also accused the BJP of making tall claims and fooling people over promises they know they cannot fulfil. Yadav said that the BJP used every lawful and unlawful tactic to make sure that the SP and BSP candidate does not win the Rajya Sabha election. The SP president said that in order to defeat the BJP in the future, the SP, BSP and Congress will work together. On being questioned about a face in the Opposition that can match Modi's calibre and credentials, Yadav said that the BJP has portrayed the prime minister as a larger-than-life character but the common man and the farmer knows the truth. "It is up to the regional parties to stop the influx of the BJP in the state. Likewise, it is the SP's responsibility to stop the BJP in Uttar Pradesh. Only the regional parties can stop the BJP in the future," he said. The right step for the Congress would be to support parties like the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal and the Samajwadi Party and BSP in UP, he said. "The CBI has always been a tool for the ruling party at the Centre, be it any. Recently, one of their MLAs was facing some charges and the case has been transferred to the CBI so that he can be helped. If the case was being handled within UP, he would have been exposed and jailed," the former UP chief minister said. "They should have consulted a pandit before demonetisation," said Yadav, when asked about demonetisation. Demonetisation was executed primarily to benefit the companies propagating cashless transactions, he said. Yadav said the BJP only claims to be free of nepotism but the reality is different. Attacking Yogi Adityanath, he said that he is where he is because his maternal uncle was a part of the . There are members of the governor and former home minister’s family in the party. On the issue of communalism, he said the BJP was the biggest communal party of the country and was dividing the nation for political gains. When asked about 's investigation on hidden numbers on electoral bonds, Yadav said that it was an important expose. The Samajwadi Party chief accused the BJP of framing electoral funding laws in a way that they are able to maximise their funds but not the Opposition’s. Warning the government of the unrest within the Dalit community, Yadav said that the 2 April protests took place without the backing of any political party and with the help of social media. Accusing the BJP of politicising the issue of  (cow protection) and beef ban, Yadav said that the SP has always been concerned about the issue but the BJP entangled it for political gains. "As far as the matter of  is concerned, the BJP entangled the issue and politically benefitted from it despite cow protection laws already being in place. The people have understood that the BJP politicised the issue and fooled them." When asked about the Opposition not reacting enough to the issue of Kathua and Unnao rape cases, Yadav said that the Opposition did as much as it could have. Akhilesh Yadav said that the SP was doing as much as it could to unite the Opposition ahead of the 2019 general elections, but it was taking time since an alliance of that kind would have many things at stake, electorally and financially. He said that Modi might deliver one speech after another as he did in 2014 and in 2017, but all his unfulfilled promises are documented by the media and social media. Sunil Goswami (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
A person from a minority community was assaulted in Koderma district in Jharkhand on suspicion that he had served beef to guests at his son's wedding reception, following which prohibitory orders were clamped, police said on Wednesday, 18 April. The prohibitory orders under section 144 of the CrPC (Code of Criminal Procedure) were imposed in and around the Nawadih village under Domchanch block after the man was assaulted and several houses in the village were ransacked earlier. "We have arrested seven persons in this connection. The situation is under control now," Koderma Superintendent of Police Shivani Tiwari said. Adequate forces have been deployed in and around the village to maintain law and order, she said, adding the police have been keeping a tight vigil on mischief-mongers attempting to foment trouble through social media. Asked whether beef was served, Tiwari said: Some villagers yesterday found some hooves and bones in a field behind the man's house and alleged that he had served beef at his son's wedding reception on Monday night, police said. The villagers then beat him up, leaving him with serious injuries, ransacked several house near his residence and damaged a number of vehicles. Police sent the man to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences, Ranchi, police said. Forensic tests later confirmed that the meat he was carrying was beef, the sale of which is banned in the state. Eleven cow vigilantes were sentenced to life imprisonment by a Ramgarh court last month in connection with the case. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
The BJP on Wednesday appointed a new party president in Madhya Pradesh and will also replace its Rajasthan chief in a sign of major organisational revamp in the two poll-bound states where it has suffered a string of bypoll defeats to the Congress. A party statement said that Ashok Parmani and K Hari Babu, both of whom have resigned as chief of Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh units respectively, besides Chauhan have been made members of its national executive. Sources said the new heads of the party in Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh will be announced soon. "I will continue to work in accordance with the responsibilities given to me as a disciplined party worker," Parnami said after his resignation from the post of Rajasthan BJP chief which he held since February 2014. Asked if his decision was a fallout of the BJP's defeat in the recent Lok Sabha bypolls in Alwar and Ajmer, Parnami, who is an MLA from Jaipur's Adarsh Nagar constituency, said: Union minister Narendra Singh Tomar, who was in contention for the post of the party president in Madhya Pradesh, will be its campaign committee chief in the state, sources said. Rakesh Singh (55), a three-term MP representing Jabalpur in the Lok Sabha, is seen as a dynamic leader with vast organizational experience and the party hopes that he will be able to use its strong organisation in the state to ward off damage due to any perceived anti-incumbency in the state. According to sources in Bhopal, Singh's name was finalised at the BJP's state core group meeting in the state capital last night. The meeting was also attended by Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and BJP organisational secretary Ram Lal. The BJP is in power in the state for 15 years and Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has led it to convincing victories in the 2008 and 2013 assembly polls. However, the party's loss in a string of bypolls coupled with agitations by farmers and then Dalits has given the opposition Congress hope that it can breach the saffron fortress this time. The BJP is believed to be facing a much stronger challenge in Rajasthan, underlined recently in its loss in the two Lok Sabha bypolls. Party sources said a revamp of the organisation is likely in the state. In Andhra Pradesh, the party has been left without an ally and hopes to strengthen its organisation under a new president. It has claimed that the decision of the Telugu Desam Party to break ties with it has given the party an opportunity to broaden its base and appeal. The party's organisation had been virtually lying dormant in the state as it remained a junior partner to the TDP, sources said, adding that it has a number of leaders, many of whom had left the Congress to join it after the state was bifurcated in 2014, to lead its campaign. The southern state will go to assembly polls simultaneously with the Lok Sabha elections next year. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
On an official visit to the United Kingdom, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday, 18 April, addressed the ' ' programme at the iconic Central Hall Westminster in London where he spoke about the recent incidents of rape in India and also warned Pakistan against “exporting terror”. At the diaspora event, moderated by CBFC (Central Board of Film Certification) chairperson Prasoon Joshi, Modi also emphasised on his government's "development" and "pro-poor" agenda, saying that the days of incremental change are over, and even took digs at the previous governments. Here are the key highlights of Modi's address at the event in London, which lasted for more than two hours. PM Modi expressed grief over the recent incidents of rapes of minor girls in India, and called it an evil of not just the individual but also of the society, reported PTI. The Prime Minister also slammed the politicisation of rape incidents, saying: His comments come in the backdrop of the Unnao and Kathua rape incidents that have shaken the collective conscience of the nation and prompted protests across the country. During the interaction at ' ' event, PM Modi also warned Pakistan and said India will not tolerate those who export terror and will respond to them in the language they understand, as he referred to the 2016 surgical strikes conducted across the LoC. Speaking about his brand of foreign policy, Modi told the Indian community in London that he seeks cooperation with various countries even though they might be at conflict with each other. While asserting that criticism strengthens the fabric of democracy, PM Modi pointed out that in the current scenario, one does not see constructive criticism, but allegations. Emphasising on the poor background that he has come from, Modi said that he is committed towards working for the the marginalised and the downtrodden sections of the society. Modi also lauded the 12th century Lingayat philosopher Basaveshwara and said he dedicated his life to the people and worked to unite them. "Basweshwar did for women empowerment, democracy and social causes is an example for world," he said. Reaching London on Wednesday, Modi also held talks with UK PM Theresa May and had an audience with Queen Elizabeth at Buckingham Palace. During his meeting with May, Modi reiterated that UK will remain important to India even after Brexit, and also purportedly discussed the extradition of Vijay Mallya. Prior to his UK visit, Modi was in Sweden, where he held talks with his counterpart Stefan Lofven. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Kolkata Knight Riders defeated Rajasthan Royals by 7 wickets in Jaipur on Wednesday, 18 April 2018. KKR rode to victory off a winning six from captain Dinesh Karthik. Skipper Dinesh Karthik and Nitish Rana combined for an unbroken 61-run partnership for the fourth wicket to ease past the line. Karthik hit a six off Ben Laughlin to secure the win in style. KKR never looked in trouble despite losing out-of-form Australian opener Chris Lynn (0) in only the second ball of their innings, with off-spinner Krishnappa Gowtham (2/23) flattening his stumps with a ball that spun sharply into the batsman who tried to cut. Uthappa and Narine then came together for a 69-run stand for the first wicket. Uthappa looked in imperious form, hitting Jaydev Unadkat for three fours in the fifth over. Earlier, KKR bowlers picked up wickets at regular intervals to restrict RR to 160/8 in 20 overs. In the last over, young fast bowler Shivam Mavi (1/40) bowled three wide balls and Chris Lynn dropped Dhawal Kulkarni (3) but he was later run out. Rahane then took on Narine, the most economical bowler in the IPL so far, hitting him for four back-to-back fours straight up. The India Test team vice-captain swept and drove the West Indian mystery spinner with aplomb to garner 18 runs off the over. Sanju Samson followed suit soon after, picking out Kuldeep at deep midwicket off Mavi and just when Short was looking to accelerate, Rana castled him with a slider in the next over to break the 36-run third wicket partnership with Rahul Tripathi. The inaugural IPL winners never recovered from there and were short by 10-20 runs.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Mumbai Indians defeated Royal Challengers Bangalore to register their first win of IPL 2018 on Tuesday, 17 April. Mumbai Indians scored 213/6 to bag the victory. Royal Challengers won the toss and put Mumbai Indians to bat first. Mumbai Indians had a disastrous start, but picked up pace soon after. Lewis and Rohit played a brilliant innings and forged a 108-run partnership before Lewis was dismissed. Lewis slammed six boundaries and five sixes in his 42-ball innings. Rohit, on the other hand, stayed till the last and made sure his team crossed the 200-run mark before getting out on the penultimate delivery of the innings. Put in to bat, Mumbai got off to a poor start, losing opener Suryakumar Yadav (0) and Ishan Kishan (0) in the opening two balls of the first over. The fall of the wickets brought in Rohit, who along with Lewis played sensibly and slammed the bowlers all around the park before Lewis got out. Rohit slammed 10 boundaries and five sixes in his 52-ball innings. Virat Kohli's unbeaten 92-run innings went in vain as Royal Challengers Bangalore lost by 46 runs to Mumbai Indians. Kohli, who opened the innings with Quinton de Kock, remained unbeaten but could not guide his team to victory. In his 62-ball innings Kohli slammed seven boundaries and four sixes. Chasing a mammoth 214, Bangalore started off on a positive note, scoring 40 runs in 4.1 overs but after the fall of de Kock's wicket, the visitors never looked in contention, losing wickets at regular intervals. Apart from Kohli, no other batsmen rose to the occasion and went back one after other. Quinton de Kock's 19-run knock was the second highest among the other batters. For Mumbai, left-arm spinner Krunal Pandya scalped three wickets while Jasprit Bumrah and Mitchell McClenaghan chipped in with two wickets each. Mumbai Indians: 213/6 (Rohit Sharma 94; Evin Lewis 65; Umesh yadav 2/36) against Royal Challengers Bangalore: 167/8 (Virat Kohli 92; Krunal Pandya 3/28)    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The defence lawyer of the Kathua rape and murder case has hit out at the only female member of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of the Jammu and Kashmir police probing the case, with seemingly sexist remarks and reportedly questioning her “intelligence” as a woman. Representing five of the eight accused, Ankur Sharma told that as a “woman and a new officer,” Shwetambri Sharma would have been “misguided by someone.” Replying to Ankur Sharma’s misogynistic statement, Shwetambri has expressed her concern and has clarified that she was not misled at any given point during the investigation. “I was never misled at any time during the probe. Also, I never said I want to quit. In fact, despite problems, we stay put in the Kathua case.” The defence lawyers remarks came in light of Shwetambri  how hard it was for her to carry out the job. In the meantime, Ankur Sharma also reportedly raised doubts about the probe carried out by the Crime Branch, claiming it had tortured the witnesses so as to get favourable statements. According to the charge-sheet filed by the J&K police’s Crime Branch on 9 April, the eight-year-old girl was allegedly gang-raped by six men, who had held her in captivity in a small village in Kathua district district for a week in January. The abduction, rape and killing of the Bakerwal girl was part of a carefully planned strategy to remove the minority nomadic community from the area, the 15-page charge-sheet further revealed.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Simultaneous elections to the Lok Sabha and state Assemblies can be held in two phases beginning 2019, provided at least two provisions of the Constitution are amended and ratified by a majority of the states, the Law Commission said on Tuesday, 17 April. Some provisions of the Representation of the People Act will also have to be amended by a simple majority in Parliament, it said. Putting up its working paper on holding simultaneous polls in the public domain on Tuesday, the law panel has sought the views of constitutional experts, political parties and other stakeholders before finalising its report. Those interested in placing their views on the issue have been asked to submit their stand by 8 May. According to the working paper, the second phase of simultaneous polls can take place in 2024. The document has proposed amending the Constitution (Articles 83 (2) and 172 (1) dealing with tenures of Lok Sabha and state Assemblies) and the Representation of the People Act to extend the terms of state legislative assemblies to effect the move. It suggests that in case a government falls mid-term, the term of the new government would be for the remaining period "and not for a fresh five-year term.” "As an abundant caution and in order to avoid a challenge (in the courts) to amendments on the ground of not having obtained ratification by majority of the states, such ratification could be obtained for the proposed (constitutional) amendment," the working paper states. The states which are recommended to be covered under phase I are where Assembly polls are due in 2021. These include Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. States which will come under phase II are Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, Delhi and Punjab. To hold elections in these states, along with the Lok Sabha polls, the terms of the Assemblies have to be extended. Based on a suggestion made by the Election Commission, the working paper also says that a no-confidence motion against the government should be followed by a confidence motion. This would ensure that if the Opposition does not have numbers to form an alternative government, the regime in office cannot be removed. "We cannot put the cart before the horse. Logistical issues are subservient to legal framework. Unless legal framework is in place, we don't have to talk about anything else because legal framework will take a lot of time, making constitutional amendment to (changing) the law, all the process will take time,” he said. He had said once the legal framework is ready, the EC would deliver. “… EC is a creation of the Constitution. We have to perform willy-nilly, deliver the election, whatever way prescribed in the law,” he had said. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Newly elected Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb hit out at “narrow-minded” people for finding it difficult to believe that internet and satellite technology existed during the time of Mahabharata. A day after he made the bizarre comment, the Tripura chief minister went a step further to defend it in the face of criticism. On Tuesday, 17 April, while addressing a regional workshop on computerisation of the Public Distribution System as well as reforms in Agartala, the 46-year-old BJP leader gave evidence for his claim in the form of a particular episode in the Mahabharata, wherein Sanjay narrates the happenings of the war between the Pandavas and the Kauravas to the blind king Dhritarashtra. According to media , Deb further went on to say that such technologies were not the inventions of Europeans or Americans, but rather those of Indians. He lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his emphasis on digitisation, saying that such a push would make the Public Distribution System (PDS) more transparent. Earlier this year, Minister of State for Human Resources and Development (HRD) Satyapal Singh had claimed that Charles Darwin’s theory of human evolution was “scientifically wrong”. Meanwhile, PM Narendra Modi himself said in October 2014 that Lord Ganesha had undergone plastic surgery via technology that Indians possessed at the time.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Union Minister of State for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship Anant Kumar Hegde on Tuesday, 17 April, claimed that a ‘deliberate attempt’ was made on his life. The minister said a truck tried to ram into his car when he was traveling near Halageri in Ranebennur taluk of Haveri district around 11:30 pm. The truck missed the minister’s car and hit his escort vehicle. “Since our vehicle was on top speed we escaped the hit,” the minister said. He tweeted a post-accident video and a photograph of the arrested truck driver, who has been identified as Nasir. (Source: ) The Congress on Tuesday, 17 April, denied the allegation of putting on hold the candidature of HS Chandramouli, lawyer of Mehul Choksi, for the upcoming Karnataka Assembly elections. Choksi, along with his relative and jeweller Nirav Modi, is accused in the Rs 12,300-crore Punjab National Bank scam. "We have not kept HS Chandramouli’s seat on hold. Even he has clarified that he has no personal relation with Nirav Modi's uncle, Mehul Choksi", Congress spokesperson Jaiveer Shergill said. The clarification comes after rumours about Chandramouli’s candidature being put on hold. Read the full story . Facebook has started a pilot with BOOM, an independent digital-journalism initiative founded by Govindraj Ethiraj, in poll-bound Karnataka to check the spread of false news from its platform. BOOM, certified through the International Fact-Checking Network, a non-partisan international fact-checking network at Poynter, will review news stories posted on social media, check facts and rate the stories for accuracy. Facebook, in a blogpost, said once a story is declared false, its distribution is reduced by 80 percent. This improves accuracy of information and prevents mass circulation of fake posts. “We (must) listen to our community. We continue to update ways for people to understand what might be false news in their news feed,” the blogpost read. (Source: ) Namma Metro's first six-car train is quietly chugging on the track in the dead of night as officials have completed a significant part of the tests required for ensuring the vehicle is safe to carry people. Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Limited (BMRCL) officials have been keeping busy after receiving the first set of three intermediate cars from Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML) on 14 February. (Source: ) An FIR has been registered in Bengaluru against Karnataka Congress working president Dinesh Gundu Rao for his “chappal” remark against Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath. The FIR was registered on Monday, 16 April, at the High Grounds Police Station under IPC Section 153 (Wantonly giving provocation with intent to cause riot) based on a complaint by Bengaluru resident Dr B Ramachari. The complainant said that the speech was “provocative” and “inciting” in nature. On 14 April, during a candlelight march protesting against the incidents of rape at Unnao and Kathua, Rao said, “PM Modi should sack Yogi Adityanath as he is not a Yogi but a 'dhongi'. If he comes next time to Karnataka, he should be beaten with your slippers. Drive him out.” (Source: ) Three people, including two women, were arrested on Tuesday, 17 April, for allegedly murdering Sanjay Satish, 68, in his apartment at Bettal Nagar, KR Puram, on April 2 this year. The trio was also accused of robbing Rs 1.5 lakh in cash apart from jewellery from the apartment. Abdul Ahad, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Whitefield division), identified the alleged murderers as Sumati alias Saloomi, 23, and Sumaya Bhanu, 22, both residents of MG Nagar, Shankar Mutt, west Bengaluru, and Kartik alias Appu, 20, a resident of Maruthi Nagar, Yelahanka. (Source: ) (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Congress president and Amethi MP Rahul Gandhi courted controversy for blaming the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for the lack of development in his constituency. On a visit to a government school in Amethi on Monday, 16 April, a girl student asked Gandhi about the government schemes and laws not being implemented in villages across the state. He was quick to blame the Narendra Modi government. When the same student asked about Amethi, the Gandhi scion put the blame on Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath. Amit Malaviya, in-charge of BJP's national IT cell, took to Twitter to taunt Gandhi over the issue. In his tweet, he put out a video showing Gandhi’s response to questions raised by him when the Congress was in power in Amethi, comparing it to the latest remarks. Rahul Gandhi was on a three-day visit to Amethi and Raebareli in Uttar Pradesh on Monday. Former Congress president Sonia Gandhi is the Member of Parliament from Raebareli. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Three BJP-ruled states and Tamil Nadu will move the Supreme Court against its order on the SC/ST Act with the Centre maintaining that state governments are on board in seeking a recall of the verdict, days after violent protests by Dalit groups engulfed several parts of the country. Following a nudge from the top BJP brass, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh – all of whom had reportedly taken steps to implement the verdict – have revoked their decision and decided to join the Centre in filing review pleas. Official sources also said the Centre is keeping ready an ordinance to annul the order of the court, depending on the outcome of its petition. The court on 20 March had laid down guidelines to prevent the alleged misuse of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act. Dalit groups have, however, vehemently protested against the verdict, saying it dilutes the law and will lead to a rise in cases of atrocities against the scheduled castes and tribes. A 'Bharat Bandh' called by them on 2 April had turned violent, leading to deaths of at least 11 persons. While the Centre has already filed a review plea, a top BJP leader told reporters that the party's central leadership has spoken to the chief ministers of Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, where police chiefs were asked to implement the March 20 order, to keep in abeyance the decision and move the court with their review pleas. In Raipur, Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh told reporters that his government is moving the Supreme Court against its order while it has also revoked a police department circular on the implementation of the verdict. Tamil Nadu government also announced that it will move the apex court. The decision was arrived at a meeting chaired by Chief Minister K Palaniswami with his cabinet colleagues, including his deputy O Panneerselvam, an official release said. Opposition parties have used the issue to attack the ruling BJP, which has been assiduously wooing Dalits under Prime Minister Narendra Modi and its president Amit Shah. Indicating that more states will move the apex court, home ministry officials said state governments are with the Centre on the issue of recalling the Supreme Court order. With the NDA government facing flak from the opposition over Dalit issues, Union minister and BJP ally Ram Vilas Paswan said the Modi dispensation will now push for reservation for Scheduled Castes and Tribes in promotion in government jobs and may bring an ordinance. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Two minor sisters were found murdered in Uttar Pradesh’s Etawah on Tuesday morning, 17 April, reported ANI. Quoting police sources,  reported that bullets and slippers have been recovered from the spot where the girls were shot. According to NDTV, the girls had gone to use the toilet on Monday evening and had been missing ever since. The next morning, their bodies were found 500 metres away from their village by locals who were on their way to the fields, reported NDTV. Senior Superintendent of Police Ashok Tripathi told ANI that a probe in the matter has already begun, and the bodies of the two sisters have been sent for postmortem. NDTV report also quoted police sources and said rape attempts on the girls could not be confirmed before the postmortem report comes. Assuring the family of justice, Etawah legislator Sarita Bhadauriya told ANI, "It's a serious matter. I am with them in their fight for justice. The accused will be punished,". A seven-year-old girl attending a wedding ceremony was allegedly raped and strangulated to death in Uttar Pradesh’s Etah early on 17 April by a man hired to set up tents on the occasion, police said. According to police, the incident took place at around 1.30 am near Mandi Samiti gate on the Aliganj road where the girl had gone with her family to attend a wedding. Sonu Jatav (19), who was given the task of putting up tents for the marriage ceremony lured the girl, raped her, and subsequently killed her, Superintendent of Police Akhilesh Chaurasia said and added that the man was in an inebriated state. The girl was rushed to the district hospital where she was declared dead on arrival. The body of the girl has been sent for postmortem examination. "On the basis of complaints filed by family members, police have arrested Sonu Jatav," he said. The SP also said, "A case has been registered against the accused for rape and murder of the girl. POCSO Act has also been slapped on the accused since the victim is a minor." Angry family members of the minor girl blocked the Etah-Farrukhabad road, demanding Rs 10 lakh as compensation. "On the one hand, the government claims that encounters are going on in the state and on the other hand, the crime ratio has surged in the state. The BJP had claimed that as soon as they come to power, the law and order of UP will improve. But, going by the sudden spurt of incidents, I feel that even the minor girls are not all safe in the state," he said. The Congress too, attacked the BJP government on the incident. UP Congress spokesperson Ashok Singh said, "It is an irony that criminal elements are roaming freely in the state, and UP has become virtually the number one state in the country going by spurt of rapes and other crimes. Congress will soon launch a mass movement across the state to highlight the surge in crime in the state." The BJP, however, said the party does not believe in saving criminal elements. "Unlike the past state governments which used to shield criminal elements, the BJP believes in ensuring that swift action is initiated against criminals. The police in UP are working without any (pressure) and (influence). FIRs which were not registered in the previous state governments' regime, are now being immediately registered."    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Vivek Gupta Taking after the initial weeks that succeeded demonetisation – announced by the Narendra Modi government – non-availability of cash in ATMs have been reported in several states across India including poll-bound Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. The national capital New Delhi has reportedly been hit by the cash crunch as well. The Reserve Bank of India issued a circular clarifying that there is no currency shortage. It said there is sufficient cash in the RBI vaults and currency chests and printing of the notes has been ramped up in all the four note presses. Finance Minister Arun jaitley, earlier confirming the shortage, had assured that there was adequate currency in circulation. He said that the shortage was triggered by a ‘sudden and unusual’ increase in demand. Talking to BloombergQuint, Principal Economic Adviser Sanjeev Sanyal refused to comment on the causes for the currency shortage. He also said that there has been some evidence of hoarding as judged by the volume of currency coming back to the banking system. Sanyal said, “We were surprised by the sudden spike in demand but we are more than in a position to supply whatever cash is necessary for whatever reason by the public at large.” Minister of State for Finance Pratap Shukla, speaking to ANI, also confirmed the cash crunch situation, and said that it will be resolved in three days. He added that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has also formed a committee to transfer currency from one state to another. Slamming the government, Congress President Rahul Gandhi told ANI that Modi has destroyed the banking system. After Gandhi, Trinamool Congress MP Derek O’Brien also slammed the BJP government accusing them of not being able to improve the cash situation in the country even after 1.5 years of demonetisation. SBI Chairman Ranjish Kumar said that the crunch was mainly due to “geographical” factors and that the situation will soon return to normalcy. He added that the RBI also intends to add more Rs 500 notes in circulation. The Department of Economic Affairs reacted to the cash crunch saying that the government is prepared to meet the higher demand in coming days. To deal with the situation, Economic Affairs Secretary S C Garg said the RBI would increase five-fold printing of Rs 500 notes to about Rs 2,500 crore a day. "So, in a month, we will be printing about Rs 70,000-Rs 75,000 crore. This should give you assurance that we are geared up to meet the rising demand," he said. Garg noted that there is also a perception that there may be shortage of currency in the future. So people have started withdrawing and it has contributed to the crisis, he added. According to him, currency in stock is about Rs 2 lakh crore and these reserves are adequate to meet any unusual spurt in demand. He assured that there was no reason for anyone to fear or any apprehension that either private sector or public sector banks are in danger. "Our banking is totally safe and people should not have in any apprehension in keeping deposits," he said. In Prime Minister Modi’s constituency Varanasi, people complained that they are unable to pay school fees and purchase groceries. In Madhya Pradesh’s Bhopal, however, citizens claim cash crunch has been prevalent for the last 15 days. “We are facing a cash crunch. ATMs are not dispensing cash. The situation has been the same since 15 days. We have visited several ATMs today as well, to no avail,” they said. In Gujarat’s Vadodara, people complained that very few ATMs were working, and one could withdraw only Rs 10,000 from a working ATM. In Hyderabad, a person waiting to withdraw cash told ANI: “We are facing cash crunch. Most of the ATMs are not dispensing cash, the ones which are dispensing, have only Rs 500 notes. We are facing difficulty, don’t know what to do,” said a citizen of Delhi, speaking to ANI. General Secretary of Maha Gujarat Bank Employees Association (MGBEA) Janak Rawal told  that “farmers, dairy producers and villagers bank with rural co-operative banks who get their cash replenishment from currency chest branches. But now that chest branches are running dry, where will the co-operative banks meet their cash requirement? This is peak season at APMC (Agricultural Produce Market Committee) markets and farmers are suffering”. President of the Gujarat Farmers Association (Gujarat Khedut Samaj) Sagar Rabari told , “The traders are using cash crunch as an excuse to buy at low rates. Even dairy farmers are not able to get cash from their accounts and there is a 10-day pay cycle”. Meanwhile, Gujarat’s Chief Secretary J N Singh told  that the state government is in touch with the Ministry of Finance and the Reserve Bank of India and all necessary measures are being taken to normalise the cash flow. Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan earlier on Monday, 16 April, claimed that Rs 2,000 notes were vanishing from the market, and alleged that there was a "conspiracy" behind it. “But notes of Rs 2,000 are missing from the market,” Chouhan added, possibly referring to news reports of ATMs running out of cash at some places in the state. "Where these notes of Rs 2,000 denomination are going, who are keeping them out of circulation? Who are the persons creating shortfall of cash? This is a conspiracy to create problems. The government will act tough on this," he said. Bihar Finance Minister Sushil Modi told ANI that there has been a cash crunch since the past five to six days in the state’s banks. He added, “I spoke to officials at both RBI and banks, they said that in the next few days problem will be sorted. RBI said less supply has caused a problem and it will be solved in a day or two”. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Responding to reports of ATMs running dry, sparking fears of a cash crunch, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, on Tuesday, 17 April, said that the shortage was caused due to “sudden and unusual” demand in currency. He assured that it was a “temporary” situation and was being “tackled quickly” Reminiscent of the days following the demonetisation move announced by the Narendra Modi government in November 2016, non-availability of cash in ATMs have been reported in several states, including poll-bound Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. The national capital Delhi too has reportedly been hit by the cash crunch. “The level of cash, according to the central bank, is now close to the pre-demonetisation level at Rs 18.4 lakh crore as of 6 April. But in terms cash-to-GDP ratio, it’s still lower at 10.9 percent compared to 12 percent before the note ban,” reported . The Ministry, in a statement, said that the first 13 days of the month saw Rs 45,000 crore increase in the supply of currency but assured that the government has adequate stock to meet the demand in the coming days. The ministry said that the government was taking all steps to ensure that ATMs are supplied with cash and to get non-functional ATMs normalised at the earliest. The current shortage is related to local demand and supply, R Gandhi, former deputy government of the Reserve Bank of India, told BloombergQuint. “Currency demand depends on occasions such as elections, festivals where we see a spike. Also, when state and central governments pay out their social welfare schemes in currency, there’s a spike.” Gandhi said the pockets of surplus and deficit are managed through transferring currency. Another reason for the cash shortage is that payments to farmers have gone up during the ongoing procurement season, Rajnish Kumar, Chairman of the State Bank of India, the country’s largest lender, told ANI. Banking Secretary Rajiv Kumar told that the shortage of Rs 500 notes will remain for five to seven days. “The government has stepped up supply.” More than 85 percent of ATMs are operational and only 10-12 percent have faced the crunch, he said. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
The Union Home Ministry has cancelled nine posts of advisors held by AAP members in the Delhi cabinet, sparking a fresh face-off between the Centre and the ruling party in the capital. "The appointees officiating are not in the list of posts approved for the ministers and Chief Minister of Delhi. No prior approval of the Central government has been taken for creation of said posts on which these person have been appointed," the GAD said. "Therefore, creation of posts by Delhi cabinet for accommodating these appointees is void ab-initio, being done by an agency not competent under the law to do so. Since creation of these posts and subsequent appointments on these posts are not valid, all previous orders regarding creation of these posts and appointments made against them are hereby cancelled." The nine advisers include Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leaders Atishi Marlena, Raghav Chaddha and Arunoday Prakash – all advisers to Deputy Chief Minister and Finance Minister Manish Sisodia. The government has also cancelled the posts held by Amar Deep Tiwari as media adviser to Law Minister, Prashant Saxena and Samir Malhotra as consultants to Power Minister, Rajat Tiwari as aide-de-camp in office of Minister of Power, Ram Kumar Jha as adviser (logistics) in the office of Minister, GAD and Dinkar Adeeb as OSD to Home Minister. The cancellation sparked an angry reaction from the AAP that dubbed this move by the Centre as a "diversionary tactic" of the BJP to divert attention from recent incidents of rapes and cash crunch in the country. In a strong reaction, Deputy Education Minister said the latest move intended to target his advisor Atishi Marlena, who played a pivotal role in improving the education system in Delhi. Speaking with , Atishi Marlena said, "The Centre is clearly trying to paralyse the work being done by the Delhi government in the department of education." The suspension of Atishi Marlena has evoked a lot of outrage from the members of AAP. Sisodia goes onto accuse BJP of appointing “babas as advisors for huge salaries, to spread hate and violence.” Fact checking the government’s move, Sisodia said, “ Four of the nine have already left long time back. One of them – Raghav Chadha – worked with me in 2016 for two and half months only at Re 1/pm salary (ie total Re 2.5/-). AAP’s Raghav Chadha accused the MHA order of being a tactic to divert attention from rapes and cash crunch that has riled up the BJP government in the past few days.    (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Shiv Sena leader and Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut launched a fresh salvo at ally Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), saying that the ruling party is not the sole owner of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) and that parties like Shiv Sena and Akali Dal have equal rights in the coalition. In an interview to , Raut said that Sena was one of the founding parties of the NDA and it does not have double standards when it comes to pointing out unfulfilled promises of the BJP. On being questioned about differences within the Sena over not having a pre-poll alliance with the BJP in 2019, Raut said that the party stands by the decision taken by chief Uddhav Thackeray.  (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Member of Parliament (MP) Sakshi Maharaj has courted a fresh controversy by inaugurating a 'nightclub' in Lucknow at a time when his constituency has been rocked by a case of rape in which a party MLA has been arrested. Photographs showing the 62-year-old Unnao MP accepting an idol of Lord Ganesh were put on the social media, while TV channels too aired visuals of the event. Though Sakshi Maharaj could not be reached for comments, his representative Ashok Katiyar claimed that a senior BJP leader tricked the MP into attending the function. "The MP was to leave for Delhi, but a senior office bearer of the party took him to the function saying that it was organised by a close relative of his," Katiyar said. "Since the 2019 elections are just round the corner, MPs do attend various events and making inquiries about all the things does not always look nice," Katiyar said. He also said that liquor would not be served in the restaurant. In a similar case in 2017, a minister in the Yogi Adityanath government Swati Singh had drawn flak for inaugurating a beer bar in Lucknow. Takinga jibe at the ruling party, Samajwadi Party spokesperson Ghanshyam Tiwari said, "It is very clear that the BJP government and BJP leaders have no idea as to what they were doing." Unnao district has of late been in news for all the wrong reasons after allegations of rape were levelled against BJP's Bangarmau MLA Kuldip Singh Sengar. The MLA was arrested by the CBI after the case was handed over to the central probe agency last week. Sakshi Maharaj is known for his controversial remarks, including when he asked Hindu women to have at least four children, sparking condemnation from the Opposition, which alleged that the ruling party was trying to polarise the society. He had also stoked a row by describing Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse as a “patriot” and was forced to apologise in Parliament. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
Sandeep Suman The District Court of Kathua on Monday, 16 April, directed that the chargesheet copies be provided to all accused after the hearing in the Kathua rape and murder case. Meanwhile, the Supreme Court issued a notice to the Jammu and Kashmir government, seeking a reply on the plea filed by the the victim’s family for transfer of the case to Chandigarh. All the accused, including Swami Aseemanand, were acquitted by a Special NIA Court in Hyderabad on Monday, 16 April, in the Mecca Masjid blast case. On 18 May 2007, a powerful explosion at the historic Mecca Masjid in Hyderabad killed nine people and injured at least 50 others. The probably purpose of hidden serial numbers on electoral bonds is to track donors, a former director of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) told . In an  published on 12 April,  revealed the presence of hidden unique alphanumeric sequences on government-issued electoral bonds sold by the State Bank of India (SBI). The use of these codes to track donations to opposition parties is completely at odds with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s claim that the bonds will help keep the link between a political donor and party confidential. Former FBI director James Comey said in an ABC News interview on Sunday that US President Donald Trump is a dangerous, "morally unfit" leader doing "tremendous damage" to institutional and cultural norms. Comey, fired by Trump in May last year, was worried the president may be open to blackmail by Russia given claims he was present when prostitutes urinated on each other during a 2013 Moscow visit. Comey's firing came as the Federal Bureau of Investigation was probing possible connections between Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and Russia's meddling in the US election. More than three weeks since the JNU Long March, 24-year-old Sheena Thakur's life is trudging back to normalcy. A former student of sociology at the university, Thakur felt strongly about the issues for which the protest was called on 23 March – demanding action against professor Atul Johri, accused of sexual harassment by eight students, raising their voice against the autonomous status granted to the university, and opposing compulsory attendance rules. She narrates her ordeal to (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
Stung after an employee of a private firm labelled them “useless” in a post on social media, city police swung into action in a bid to nab four men who had allegedly sexually harassed a 24-year-old woman and roughed up her colleagues. In his post on Facebook, Arjun Nandkumar, the victim’s colleague, said he and some of his colleagues were returning to work in Diamond District, Old Airport Road when one of the four men — believed to be inebriated since they were standing outside a bar — groped his colleague. The incident occurred on Saturday, 14 April. (Source: ) A two-year-old boy choked to death after accidentally swallowing a balloon on Monday, 16 April. The deceased, Nawaz, is the son of Reshma and Abubakar, who work in a garage at Kammanahalli. The family lives in Kammanahalli. According to the police, around 9.30 am, Nawaz was playing outside the house when he accidentally swallowed a balloon. When he returned home after some time, his parents noticed that he was struggling to breath. They rushed him to a nearby hospital where they learnt that he had swallowed something. They took him to another private hospital where he choked to death during treatment. (Source: ) The Congress’ list of candidates for the upcoming Karnataka Assembly elections had little surprises, yet followers of some disgruntled ticket aspirants have begun protests across the state. The list answers one of the most anticipated questions – whether Chief Minister Siddaramaiah will contest from two seats or not. The answer is no. The list saw 84 percent of the sitting MLAs getting tickets again, and three children of serving ministers making their political debut. Only 6.8 percent of the total seats were given to women candidates. Besides, a total of 42 Lingayats candidates and 39 Vokkaliga candidates, members of the prominent communities in Karnataka, have been fielded by the Congress. Read the full story Sitting Congress MLA B Shivanna from Anekal (Bengaluru Urban) constituency who is set to contest the 12 May polls from the same seat was raided by Income Tax sleuths on Monday, 16 April. There has been no official confirmation from the I-T Department yet on the findings. The raid comes incidentally a day after the ruling Congress announced its first list of candidates for the upcoming elections.  The MLA could not be reached for a comment. According to preliminary reports, the MLA’s office and residences were raided by I-T sleuths. (Source: ) If you love your pet dog but finding it increasingly hard to keep them at your home because of apartment association rules, ensuring that your pet has a licence is one of the best measures you can take to make sure your pet is not taken away from you. A pet licence, recommended by the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike, is not yet mandatory in the city, but is likely to be made a rule soon. Cubbon Park Canines (CPC), a group of volunteers, along with the BBMP, is organising a special drive for pet parents in the city where they can apply for a pet license with just their address proof, government identification and vaccination records of the pet. The license fee is Rs 110 and there will be a form to be filled up. Along with the licence, you can also get your pet a health checkup and subsidised vaccinations at the spot. (Source: ) Two siblings, both BE graduates, were cheated of Rs 3 lakh by a woman on the pretext of getting them jobs in an IT company. The two were paid Rs 18,000 each as salary for a month before the firm closed operations in the city. Arpita Hegde and her sister Poojita told Whitefield police that they were cheated by a woman named Neha, who allegedly promised them a job in a software company in return for money. Arpita told police that it began with an SMS advertising job opportunities for BE and BTech graduates she received in November last year. The message contained two mobile numbers. She said she called one of the numbers and the woman who answered identified herself as Neha. (Source: ) (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
“Please pick up courage, and speak up and save democracy and the country,” wrote BJP leader and former Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha, addressing his party MPs, in a column in . In his scathing criticism, Sinha touched upon the handling of various issues by the Narendra Modi-led BJP government, including the economy, foreign policy, women’s safety, and the party’s internal democracy, while calling upon the party MPs to “break their silence”. He wrote that while the unprecedented victory of the party in 2014 Lok Sabha elections had given him hope and belief that it was the “beginning of a glorious new chapter”, the party has now “lost” its way along with the “confidence of voters”. Sinha, in his , pointed out that the economy was in a bad state, despite assurances from the government. The former finance minister asserted that in a fast growing economy, youth are not without jobs, and farmers are not in distress. Pointing at the various banking sector scams that have tumbled out in the last few months, Sinha said that scamsters are running the country, while the “government watches helplessly”. Sinha wrote that rapes have become the “order of the day”, and now even patrolmen are involved in heinous crimes — but the government does not act. He also attacked the Modi government’s foreign policy by stating that it has “failed miserably”. The BJP leader said that the policy was “devoid” of substance, with China “trampling” over Indian interests. The most important threat, Sinha pointed out, was the threat to the Indian democracy. He said that various institutions have been “demeaned” and “denigrated”. Sinha, in his , also said that the BJP’s internal democracy stands “completely” destroyed, and said the party headquarters has become a corporate office. Writing about the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, he said that it will be difficult for incumbent MPs to get tickets for the 2019 elections, and even if they do, he said, it will be “difficult” for them to emerge victorious. Sinha also made a special appeal to senior party leaders LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi, urging them to “take a stand” in national interest and ensure that “corrective steps” are implemented in time. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	The Quint
As Congress unveiled their list of candidates for the Karnataka Assembly elections on Sunday, some party workers didn’t take it well. Workers of the Congress party took to the streets in parts of the state to protest the ‘unfair distribution of tickets’ for the 12 May assembly elections scheduled. The party workers allege nepotism because Congress has retained 103 of its 122 candidates instead of initiating fresh new faces. The workers took to the streets in Mangaluru, while in Mandya, protesters vandalised party offices while chanting anti-Siddaramaiah slogans, and burning tyres and effigies on the roads, ANI reported. Congress, however, said that this reaction was not totally out of the blue. “These will settle down. These things do happen. Within the next few days, you will see the issues settling down. Congress is a huge family and we can always accommodate them (those who have not been named in the current list) in other positions. The party will look after you, take care of you,” Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee working president D Gundu Rao told CNN-News18. Congress has also been accused of nepotism while releasing the list of Candidates with Siddaramaiah's son Yathindra contesting from the Varuna constituency, a seat traditionally held by the chief minister. The Congress had followed this rule in the Punjab polls held in 2017. The Congress on Sunday, 15 April, released its first list of 218 candidates for the 12 May Karnataka Assembly elections, fielding Chief Minister Siddaramaiah from Chamundeshwari and state party chief G Parameshwara from Korategere. The announcement that Siddaramaiah will contest from Chamundeshwari in Mysuru, ended speculation that he might be in the fray from a second constituency, Badami, in north Karnataka's Bagalkote district. Siddaramaiah had made his debut in the Assembly in 1983 from Chamundeshwari on a Lok Dal ticket. He has won five times and tasted defeat twice from there. Sources said that while the party has dropped 12 sitting MLAs, all the ministers were given a ticket. Home Minister Ramalinga Reddy will contest the polls from BTM Layout and his daughter Soumya R from the Jayanagara Assembly constituency (Bengaluru). Law minister TB Jayachandra's son Santosh Jayachandra was given a ticket from the Chikanayakanhalli Assembly seat (Tumkur). Senior Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge’s son Priyank Kharge was given a ticket and he will contest the polls from the Chitapur (Reserved) seat in Gulbarga district. Fifteen candidates are Muslim, seven Brahmin and two candidates each from the Jain and Christian communities, they said. Youths were given preference, with 24 candidates in the age group of 25-40 years, 49 in the 41-50 years age group, 72 in the 51-60 years age group, 66 in the 61-70 years age group, and seven candidates above the age of 70 years, the sources said. The party said it has left the Melukota Assembly seat (AC-188) for one of its partners. Former BJP MLAs Nagendra and Anand Singh and former JD-S MLAs Zamir Ahmed Khan, Chelluvar Ayyasamy, Iqbal Ansari, Akhanda Srinivas Moorthi, Blakrishna, Bheema Nayak and Ramesh Bendi Siddhagowda were given tickets. They joined the Congress recently. The party is yet to announce its candidates for the Sindagi, Kittur, Nagathana, Melukote, Raichur and Shantinagar assembly seats. Among the fresh faces fielded by the Congress are Samath Raj, Anjali Nimbalkar, G Padmavati, Roopa Shashidhar, HS Manjunath, K Fatima, Madhu Madhe Gouda, MD Laxminarayan Vani, Krishna Reddy, Keertana Rudresh Gowda, B Suresh Siddhaiah, B Manjugowda and AL Pushpa. The results of the election to the 224-seat Karnataka Assembly will be out on 15 May. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI
The BJP on Monday announced its second list of candidates for Karnataka Assembly polls that features 82 nominees, including elder brother of tainted mining baron G Janardhan Reddy and son of late chief minister S Bangarappa, taking the number of constituencies for which it has declared its nominees to 154. In the second list released on Monday, the BJP has fielded Reddy's elder brother G Somashekar Reddy from Bellary City while Kumar Bangarappa will contest from Sorab. G Janardhan Reddy is an accused in illegal mining case. Krishnaiah Setty, an old associate of Yeddyurappa, has been fielded from Malur. Among the seats for which the party is yet to announce candidates is Varuna, for which Yeddyurappa's son B Y Vijayendra is seen as a strong contender. The Congress has fielded Siddaramaiah's son Yatheendra from Varuna, currently held by the chief minister who has shifted to Chamundeshwari. The BJP released the list a day after its central election committee met to finalise the names of its candidates for the high-stakes election. The BJP on 8 April had declared its first list of 72 nominees that included its chief ministerial candidate BS Yeddyurappa, and senior leaders KS Eshwarappa and Jagadish Shettar. The BJP was reduced to 40 seats in the last assembly polls in 2013 in which the Congress had won 122 seats. JD(S) led by Deve Gowda had also won 40 seats. Yeddyurappa had floated his own party, Karnataka Janata Paksha, in the last elections after he was removed as chief minister by the BJP over graft charges. The Lingayat leader, however, merged his party with the BJP in 2014. He is contesting from Shikaripura in the upcoming polls. The BJP is making an all-out bid to oust the Congress from power in the southern state. (The Quint is now on WhatsApp. To receive handpicked stories on topics you care about, subscribe to our WhatsApp services. Just go to  and hit the Subscribe button.	PTI
All 13 candidates for as many vacant seats in the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Council are likely to get elected unopposed as no extra candidate entered the fray at the end of filing of nominations on Monday, 16 April, an official said. Unlike the recent Rajya Sabha polls in the state, which saw cross-voting, the UP Council polls will not witness any such scenario as there was virtually no possibility of polling scheduled for 26 April. While 12 candidates filed their nomination papers on Monday, 16 April, one person had done so earlier on 12 April, he said. The scrutiny of nomination papers will be taken up on Tuesday, and if all the documents are found to be valid, all the 13 candidates will be declared elected unopposed. However, an official declaration in this regard might not be done till the last date of withdrawal, which is 19 April, officials said. (What does the first-time woman voter want? The Quint's  campaign is telling you.	PTI