That one week leave i put know that time. Why.	ham
If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)	ham
excellent. I spent &lt;#&gt; years in the Air Force. Iraq and afghanistan. I am stable and honest. do you like traveling?	ham
I wanna watch that movie	ham
Ok lor thanx... Ü in school?	ham
I'm in class. Did you get my text.	ham
The bus leaves at &lt;#&gt;	ham
God bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!	ham
Todays Voda numbers ending 1225 are selected to receive a £50award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app	spam
Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.	ham
Aiyo a bit pai seh ü noe... Scared he dun rem who i am then die... Hee... But he become better lookin oredi leh...	ham
Aight, I'll ask a few of my roommates	ham
Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?	ham
Do ü all wan 2 meet up n combine all the parts? How's da rest of da project going?	ham
"Getting tickets 4 walsall tue 6 th march. My mate is getting me them on sat. ill pay my treat. Want 2 go. Txt bak .Terry"	ham
Yes we are chatting too.	ham
HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE. XXX	ham
Sian... Aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao... U working now?	ham
Are you going to write ccna exam this week??	ham
Well i will watch shrek in 3D!!B)	ham
Am i that much dirty fellow?	ham
Dunno dat's wat he told me. Ok lor...	ham
I'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)	ham
I couldn't say no as he is a dying man and I feel sad for him so I will go and I just wanted you to know I would probably be gone late into your night	ham
If you're thinking of lifting me one then no.	ham
Same as u... Dun wan... Y u dun like me already ah... Wat u doing now? Still eating?	ham
Sent me ur email id soon	ham
Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!	ham
Dude. What's up. How Teresa. Hope you have been okay. When i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec &lt;#&gt; . Just thot you'ld like to know. Do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. Plus if you can really really Bam first aid for Usmle, then your work is done.	ham
Hey gorgeous man. My work mobile number is. Have a good one babe. Squishy Mwahs.	ham
May i call You later Pls	ham
Hottest pics straight to your phone!! See me getting Wet and Wanting, just for you xx Text PICS to 89555 now! txt costs 150p textoperator g696ga 18 XxX	spam
That's the way you should stay oh.	ham
Hello- thanx for taking that call. I got a job! Starts on monday!	ham
What time is ur flight tmr?	ham
When should I come over?	ham
I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek	ham
* Will be september by then!	ham
Are you wet right now?	ham
And how's your husband.	ham
Hack Chat. Get backdoor entry into 121 chat rooms at a fraction of the cost. Reply NEO69 or call 09050280520, to subscribe 25p pm. DPS, Bcm box 8027 Ldn, wc1n3xx	spam
Are we doing the norm tomorrow? I finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. Need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!	ham
Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social	ham
I am in your office na.	ham
"Are you comingdown later?"	ham
Super da:)good replacement for murali	ham
Da is good good player.why he is unsold.	ham
Hi. || Do u want | to join me with sts later? || Meeting them at five. || Call u after class.	ham
Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!	ham
FREE NOKIA Or Motorola with upto 12mths 1/2price linerental, 500 FREE x-net mins&100txt/mth FREE B'tooth*. Call Mobileupd8 on 08001950382 or call 2optout/D3WV	spam
I dont want to hear philosophy. Just say what happen	ham
You got job in wipro:)you will get every thing in life in 2 or 3 years.	ham
Then cant get da laptop? My matric card wif ü lei...	ham
Dunno da next show aft 6 is 850. Toa payoh got 650.	ham
This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the 750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08718726970 NOW! Only 10p per min. BT-national-rate	spam
I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.	ham
They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.	ham
K.:)you are the only girl waiting in reception ah?	ham
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...	ham
I hate when she does this. She turns what should be a fun shopping trip into an annoying day of how everything would look in her house.	ham
Sir, i am waiting for your call.	ham
What's up. Do you want me to come online?	ham
It could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting	ham
Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...	ham
The last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you. And i didn't think it would have. You'd laugh, be embarassed, delete the tag and keep going. But as far as i knew, it wasn't even up. The fact that you even felt like i would do it to hurt you shows you really don't know me at all. It was messy wednesday, but it wasn't bad. The problem i have with it is you HAVE the time to clean it, but you choose not to. You skype, you take pictures, you sleep, you want to go out. I don't mind a few things here and there, but when you don't make the bed, when you throw laundry on top of it, when i can't have a friend in the house because i'm embarassed that there's underwear and bras strewn on the bed, pillows on the floor, that's something else. You used to be good about at least making the bed.	ham
I'll let you know when it kicks in	ham
You call him now ok i said call him	ham
Call to the number which is available in appointment. And ask to connect the call to waheed fathima.	ham
Or ü go buy wif him then i meet ü later can?	ham
Mmmm ... Fuck ... Not fair ! You know my weaknesses ! *grins* *pushes you to your knee's* *exposes my belly and pulls your head to it* Don't forget ... I know yours too *wicked smile*	ham
Today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well	ham
Mom wants to know where you at	ham
Aight, I'll text you when I'm back	ham
Dont know supports ass and srt i thnk. I think ps3 can play through usb too	ham
Oh ok i didnt know what you meant. Yep i am baby jontin	ham
You have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize.To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on	spam
Would you like to see my XXX pics they are so hot they were nearly banned in the uk!	spam
HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com	spam
Watching tv now. I got new job :)	ham
This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again!	ham
I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS	ham
U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094594	spam
Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.	ham
Ok.. Ü finishing soon?	ham
Sorry, I can't help you on this.	ham
Come to me, slave. Your doing it again ... Going into your shell and unconsciously avoiding me ... You are making me unhappy :-(	ham
I love your ass! Do you enjoy doggy style? :)	ham
I think asking for a gym is the excuse for lazy people. I jog.	ham
Dear 0776xxxxxxx U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18yrs	spam
Urgent! Please call 09061743811 from landline. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or £5000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs Box 326 CW25WX 150ppm	spam
No. On the way home. So if not for the long dry spell the season would have been over	ham
I gotta collect da car at 6 lei.	ham
Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.	ham
Probably earlier than that if the station's where I think it is	ham
CALL 09090900040 & LISTEN TO EXTREME DIRTY LIVE CHAT GOING ON IN THE OFFICE RIGHT NOW TOTAL PRIVACY NO ONE KNOWS YOUR [sic] LISTENING 60P MIN 24/7MP 0870753331018+	spam
Good Morning plz call me sir	ham
FreeMsg Hey U, i just got 1 of these video/pic fones, reply WILD to this txt & ill send U my pics, hurry up Im so bored at work xxx (18 150p/rcvd STOP2stop)	spam
Uh, heads up we don't have THAT much left	ham
I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.	ham
Aight, sounds good. When do you want me to come down?	ham
Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?	ham