Love this dress! it's sooo pretty. i happened to find it in a store, and i'm glad i did bc i never would have ordered it online bc it's petite. i bought a petite and am 5'8". i love the length on me- hits just a little below the knee. would definitely be a true midi on someone who is truly petite.	Dresses
I had such high hopes for this dress and really wanted it to work for me. i initially ordered the petite small (my usual size) but i found this to be outrageously small. so small in fact that i could not zip it up! i reordered it in petite medium, which was just ok. overall, the top half was comfortable and fit nicely, but the bottom half had a very tight under layer and several somewhat cheap (net) over layers. imo, a major design flaw was the net over layer sewn directly into the zipper - it c	Dresses
I love tracy reese dresses, but this one is not for the very petite. i am just under 5 feet tall and usually wear a 0p in this brand. this dress was very pretty out of the package but its a lot of dress. the skirt is long and very full so it overwhelmed my small frame. not a stranger to alterations, shortening and narrowing the skirt would take away from the embellishment of the garment. i love the color and the idea of the style but it just did not work on me. i returned this dress.	Dresses
I aded this in my basket at hte last mintue to see what it would look like in person. (store pick up). i went with teh darkler color only because i am so pale :-) hte color is really gorgeous, and turns out it mathced everythiing i was trying on with it prefectly. it is a little baggy on me and hte xs is hte msallet size (bummer, no petite). i decided to jkeep it though, because as i said, it matvehd everything. my ejans, pants, and the 3 skirts i waas trying on (of which i ]kept all ) oops.	Knits
I ordered this in carbon for store pick up, and had a ton of stuff (as always) to try on and used this top to pair (skirts and pants). everything went with it. the color is really nice charcoal with shimmer, and went well with pencil skirts, flare pants, etc. my only compaint is it is a bit big, sleeves are long and it doesn't go in petite. also a bit loose for me, but no xxs... so i kept it and wil ldecide later since the light color is already sold out in hte smallest size...	Knits
I love this dress. i usually get an xs but it runs a little snug in bust so i ordered up a size. very flattering and feminine with the usual retailer flair for style.	Dresses
I'm 5"5' and 125 lbs. i ordered the s petite to make sure the length wasn't too long. i typically wear an xs regular in retailer dresses. if you're less busty (34b cup or smaller), a s petite will fit you perfectly (snug, but not tight). i love that i could dress it up for a party, or down for work. i love that the tulle is longer then the fabric underneath.	Dresses
Dress runs small esp where the zipper area runs. i ordered the sp which typically fits me and it was very tight! the material on the top looks and feels very cheap that even just pulling on it will cause it to rip the fabric. pretty disappointed as it was going to be my christmas dress this year! needless to say it will be going back.	Dresses
This dress is perfection! so pretty and flattering.	Dresses
More and more i find myself reliant on the reviews written by savvy shoppers before me and for the most past, they are right on in their estimation of the product. in the case of this dress-if it had not been for the reveiws-i doubt i would have even tried this. the dress is beautifully made, lined and reminiscent of the old retailer quality. it is lined in the solid periwinkle-colored fabric that matches the outer fabric print. tts and very form-fitting. falls just above the knee and does not rid	Dresses
This is a nice choice for holiday gatherings. i like that the length grazes the knee so it is conservative enough for office related gatherings. the size small fit me well - i am usually a size 2/4 with a small bust. in my opinion it runs small and those with larger busts will definitely have to size up (but then perhaps the waist will be too big). the problem with this dress is the quality. the fabrics are terrible. the delicate netting type fabric on the top layer of skirt got stuck in the zip	Dresses
I love the look and feel of this tulle dress. i was looking for something different, but not over the top for new year's eve. i'm small chested and the top of this dress is form fitting for a flattering look. once i steamed the tulle, it was perfect! i ordered an xsp. length was perfect too.	Dresses
I'm upset because for the price of the dress, i thought it was embroidered! no, that is a print on the fabric. i think i cried a little when i opened the box. it is still ver pretty. i would say it is true to size, it is a tad bit big on me, but i am very tiny, but i can still get away with it. the color is vibrant. the style is unique. skirt portion is pretty poofy. i keep going back and forth on it mainly because of the price, although the quality is definitely there. except i wish it were emb	Dresses
First of all, this is not pullover styling. there is a side zipper. i wouldn't have purchased it if i knew there was a side zipper because i have a large bust and side zippers are next to impossible for me.second of all, the tulle feels and looks cheap and the slip has an awkward tight shape underneath.not at all what is looks like or is described as. sadly will be returning, but i'm sure i will find something to exchange it for!	Dresses
Cute little dress fits tts. it is a little high waisted. good length for my 5'9 height. i like the dress, i'm just not in love with it. i dont think it looks or feels cheap. it appears just as pictured.	Dresses
Great casual top with flare. looks cute with grey pilcro stet jeans. flattering with peplum in back. nice cut for shoulders and neckline.	Knits
Pretty and unique. great with jeans or i have worn it to work with slacks and heels. the colors, print, and embroidery are lovely. reasonably priced!	Knits
This is a beautiful top. it's unique and not so ordinary. i bought my usual medium and i found that it fits tight across my chest. although i had a baby this year and i am nursing, so that could be why. if i bought again i would size up.	Knits
Tried this on today at my local retailer and had to have it. it is so comfortable and flattering. it's too bad the picture online has the model tucking it into the skirt because you can't see the ruching across the front. a little dressier alternative to a plain tee and reasonably priced for retailer. 5'8"" and i generally wear a 6, the small fit well. will probably be back for the black!	Knits
I bought this item from online... the fit on the model looked a little loose but when i got mine it seemed a bit tight! so i took it back to the store & ordered a larger size. for the sale price this is a great top.	Knits
I love this top. i wear it all the time. the problem is that you can tell i wear it all the time as the fabric has started to fade. i'd still recommend it as it is so comfortable.	Knits
Really cute top! the embroidery on the collar & bib of this top is beautiful and unique, received lots of compliments & questions about where i got it. i'm rather busty up top and the medium fit well, a small probably would've fit better but it's still super adorable.	Knits
This is a cute top that can transition easily from summer to fall. it fits well, nice print and it's comfortable. i tried this on in the store, but did not purchase it because the color washed me out. this is not the best color for a blonde. would look much better on a brunette. if this was in a different color i most likely would have purchased it.	Knits
I absolutely love this bib tee! it's probably my favorite retailer purchase of all time. i'm 5'7", 140 pounds and the small was a perfect fit for me. i typically wear either a s or m tops.	Knits
Love the color and style, but material snags easily	Dresses
Very soft and comfortable. the shirt has an unusual, asymmetrical seam that appears along the front, right-hand side of the garment. (the model is positioned so that you can't see this detail from the picture. i attached a picture that includes the front seam.) i actually like the seam - it creates more visual interest, and adds a little bit of ruching that helps hide my belly. the cowl neck is very well done - there are two layers that form the cowl, and i've found that it means wardrobe malfun	Knits
Nice top. armholes are a bit oversized but as an older woman, i'm picky about that. the print is pretty and unusual. it just didn't look great on me. there's a slight peplum in the back that hangs nicely. it's a lightweight tee fabric that's opaque. i tried it on with a black bra which was barely visible. great for warmer climates but there are so many gorgeous tops out now, that i decided to return since summer is winding down. i do recommend.	Knits
This is an adorable top that i find to be extremely comfortable. i don't usually buy prints but this one is so feminine and looks great with dark wash jeans. i am a 36d and the medium was a perfect fit.	Knits
This tank fit well and i loved the ruffle in the back and how it layed. but the front was not a good look and i will be retuning it.	Knits
I got this in the petite length, size o, and it fit just right. i like that i didn't have to have it altered in the length; can wear with flats with plenty of clearance to the floor from the bottom hem. my only beef with the design is the height of the waist. i personally think that the elastic waistband looks cheap, and really needs to be concealed with a belt, yet because it sits so high, literally right under the bustline, it's a tricky one to pull off. i have a wide belt that sort of does th	Dresses
This dress is simply beautiful and stunning. it is so figure flattering and i can't wait to wear it. size small worked for me, and since i'm tall it fell right to my ankle which is perfect for me. i could not be happier with the purchase and the keyhole in the back is a beautiful detail.	Dresses
I recently got this on sale after looking at it forever on my wish list. i'm so happy with it. its very comfortable and just long enough for my torso (5'3). the pattern on the front is very flattering.	Knits
Very comfortable shirt, light weight top with lovely floral colors. great for spring/summer with white jeans. love everything one september makes!	Knits
Loved this top and was really happy to find it on sale!	Knits
Beautiful top, but delicate! i wore it to school and the straps on my backpack caused some pilling. other than that it is beautiful and vibrant! just make sure you aren't doing/wearing anything that will rub it continuously since the fabric is delicate	Knits
Just received this in the mail, tried it on and am smitten. i'm usually a l, but sometimes i'm a xl (if no stretch), in retailer tops. i bought this one in l and i'm sure glad i did. very flowy, stretchy and comfortable. i also bought the meda lace top from one september and they are very similar expect this is more of a t-shirt and the other is more of a blouse. i almost think i could've gotten a m in this because there is a lot of extra fabric at the chest which is usually never the issue for me	Knits
Love this top! i kept eyeing it online and wavering on size, since my post-baby body is a little wonky. i went with the xsp, and miraculously, it works perfectly! so, i would say it does run just a little large..... i love the length, and usually do not go with petite sizes at retailer because i like the longer lengths of the regular. but this is perfect on me, and there is give up top, so it looks lovely. and it is very soft and comfortable. this will be a go-to top this season!	Knits
I really loved this top online and wanted to love it in person. it is soft and the patter is okay in person. the neckline is higher than i am used to. also, there are two buttons in the back that must be unbuttoned in order to wear the top. it is difficult to button them behind your neck with the top on. unfortunately i had to return this item...	Knits
I really wanted this to work. alas, it had a strange fit for me. the straps would not stay up, and it had a weird fit under the breast. it worked standing up, but the minute i sat down it fell off my shoulders. the fabric was beautiful! and i loved that it had pockets.	Dresses
I love this top. it is loose and comfortable. it is not sheer so you don't need a cami. it runs a little large so size down if you want a more tailored fit. 1 criticism, it catches on sharp jewelry or belts and can pull if you are not careful.	Knits
I passed up this dress so many times in the store and finally tried it on today because i wanted a casual dress while traveling in the cape. i was surprised how much cuter it is on than on hanger. i sized down to get a more fitting look and really made a difference for me in style. i was not a fan of the way it looked so loose on model. it looks really cute fitted and a bit sexy even. it is lined and very comfy and can be dressed up a but for work with a cardi. i believe i will get a lot of wear	Dresses
I would have loved this dress if the bust and waist were just a little more fitted. i am 32c and the top was too big. fit perfectly on hips. the lace material means it cannot be easily altered, so i chose to return the dress. i would have definitely kept it if it were a better fit.	Dresses
This dress is adorable - it's a perfect casual look for summer and the quality is nice with the lining (though still overpriced, in my opinion). the tie detail is somewhat adjustable, and i found my normal size s to fit fine (5'7, 128#). where this gets me is the fact that it's dry clean...totally doesn't make sense for a dress that is essentially a fancy tshirt for summer. i might bring it back for that alone, since i originally planned to wear it a lot. :(	Dresses
I am usually a petite 6 but since this dress did not come in petites i tried on 4 and it fit. i'm 5'1" -112lbs so dress hit rt below knee -will have it hemmed up a bit do not so overwhelming.this dress looks stunning on! great vibrant color ( i have dark hair) makes this classic elegant dress look contemporary and stylish. when i tried it on in store, salesperson and others who happen to see it on me raved and told me to grab it! i did and am glad.i plan to wear it this spring for my daughte	Dresses
Loved this top. great design. comfortable and unique. soft material	Knits
I received this shirt in my typical xs and it fits perfectly. i?m not crazy in love with it but i also don?t dislike. the shirt is on the thin side. do i need to wear a cami underneath it, no. my concern is holes. it does remind me of a material that could develop some holes after some wear and washes. with that being said i?ll wash this shirt in cold water and hang dry and hopefully that will prevent holes from developing. the length is fine and i do like the slits in front?it adds a little dim	Knits
I was really hoping to like this, but it did not look the way it does on the model, at least not on me. the sharkbite hem is much more pronounced and looser. the one in the photo looks like it was pinned back. i am 5'8" and usually wear a medium or large. i got a medium and there was a lot more material on the bottom half than the photo shows. it made me look bigger and was not flattering. material has a nice weave but it's thin and delicate. i bought the (holly) deep olive and the blue. colors	Knits
I debated n that as i think it looks loose on the model, but if i was to tighten it, it looks a lot more flattering... i tried on the xs in the store (i usually do that to decide if i need petite), and it looked huge, when we pinched the back to see if xxs would work, it was a lot of fabric, and looser didn't look as good on me... but i like the dress overall, so still recommend. and for those who like the looser look, this is great. i would, however, order eptite for 5'1.5". (115 lbs, 03 dd che	Dresses
I love cute summer dresses and this one, especially because it is made out of linen, is unique. it is very well-made with a design that is quite flattering. i am 5 foot 6 and a little curvy with a 38 c bust and i got a size 10. it fits well although it is difficult to zip up because the material has no give. the perfect dress to wear to italy or france! now i just have to book my tickets!	Dresses
Purchased this top online, and when i received it was very pleased.it has and elegant cut and yet is a casual fabric.love that the sleeves run longer......ads to the overall look.also loved the v neckline.........enhances the feel of the overall style.with various necklaces this top has limitless options!the color states moss....which i usually think of as greenish brown......i found it to be more of a taupe.would have liked it to have a green tones, however it is still a fantastic f	Knits
I was very excited to order this top in red xs. so cute, but it was huge, shapeless and support thin! it had to go back. i should've looked at other reviews.	Knits
I am in need of easy comfortable tops for everyday wear. i bought this top mostly because of the cute buttons. when i received it, it looked exactly as it does in the picture online, however, the buttons kept slipping out of their homes because the holes were slightly too big. the shirt fit but was just a tad snug near the upper arms, which would stretch and loosen up throughout the day. it's definitely a comfortable shirt, but it felt more like a pajama top. it's going back.	Knits
At first i wasn't sure about it. the neckline is much lower and wavy than i thought. but after wearing it, it really is comfortable. it stretches a lot, so i wear a cami underneath so when i lean forward i'm not showing the world my torso.	Knits
I find that this brand can be a little bit all-over-the-place with sizes. had i tried this on in person i may have bought it in a small instead of a m. despite being a bit big it still looks great and hides my flaws well. i bought a m in another shirt from them (the seamed scoop neck) and that shirt was a full 2 inches smaller in the bust than this. just something to keep in mind. still a great shirt, love the neutral color.	Knits
Runs big and looked unflattering. i am petite, might work on someone taller.	Knits
Perfect dress for hot, humid, sticky weather.	Dresses
This is so thin and poor quality. especially for the price. it felt like a thin pajama top. the buttons are terrible little shell buttons. this could not have been returned faster.	Knits
I didn't end up keeping this dress...it just wasn't right for me. it is very cute and fit well but the fabric was very thin (partially lined which is a plus) and the hem line coming up on the sides made it just too short for me. i ordered the petite xs and liked the length in front and back well but the side slit/vent was just too high for my liking. the tie part hit at the perfect spot for me at only 5'4" (~118#). i guess i just didn't "love" it and would rather save my funds for something i ca	Dresses
This dress is comfortable and stylish at the same time. it runs true to size. i'm 5'1" 113 lbs and got the xs petite. wore it once so far for a few hours and got a few compliments on it!	Dresses
The design/shape of the dress are quite flattering, flirty and feminine. but.... there is no way that the dress i received is new. the color is a faded washed out red and there are black stains all over the belt area. there is no tag... the fabric looks droopy and laundered and is not crisp, stiff or new. i am very disappointed by the quality of the item that i received. undoubtedly this one is going back.dear retailer - please make sure that you do not send pre-owend clothing articles to	Dresses
This one totally worked for me. love the color, length, and style.	Knits
Prior reviewer nailed it with the summary of this dress. it definitely needs heels. i'm 5'4", 120#, 34d and this is a size 36. i usually wear a size s or 4 with most retailer stuff.	Dresses
This is the perfect summer dress. it can be dressed up or down. the quality of the linen fabric is very nice. i'm 5'1" and it hit right below my knees. i found it to run true to size. those with a smaller bust might want to go down a size, but the tie in the front can be adjusted. it's lovely.	Dresses
The perfect striped t-shirt, and the cute little buttons down the front are a wonderful accent with each one being different. i love it!	Knits
This is a great pull over dress that can easily be dressed to wear to work, to a bbq, or to happy hour. i have a large chest which sometimes makes this fit look like a tent but this fabric drapes nicely. the only thing i would note is the neckline was slightly higher on me than for the model.	Dresses
Like others reviewers mentioned on here, this dress is extremely well made. but there were too many cons for me, as well. this would most certainly work on a petite/shorter frame, but for tall, busty, and curvier girls, it just sits wrong on all places unfortunately. the color is lovely along with the nice collar that ties in the back really made this dress stand out.however, i'm a 36c and found that the arm/shoulder part so large and bulky that is made me look bigger on top. there was entirel	Dresses
This top is super comfy and casual. the slit/design in the front gives it more of a stylish look than your average white long sleeve tee. would definitely recommend.	Knits
It's ok, fit doesn't wow me because of my body. chest is too wide, hips look too narrow. drapes across my back fat in an especially non-flattering way. basically made my square-apple body look more square-apple. great part about this dress is that it's comfy and hides the tummy pooch. construction is poorly done...contrasting liner at v-neck is rolling out on one side only and then doing the same at the hem contralaterally. another negative point is dry clean only. boo. i'm 5'3" 140# 39-28-35 an	Dresses
In my retailer this was hung over in the pj section, and it really has more of a jammie top feel... soft, thin and stretchy. it's super cozy and comfortable and it drapes really nice. mine seems to have stretched out a little, especially the neckline (and the little buttons have a hard time staying closed). i'm happy with it though for what it is - a great, casual day t.	Knits
I love the dresses by maeve and this one is no exception. i was pleasantly surprised upon receiving this dress because i wasn't sure about the print size and colors when i saw it online, but the print is beautiful. it's a very simple but elegant style and the ruffle on the back adds an extra touch of interest. i like that it has enough coverage at the top (front and back), the underarms do not fall very low, and it is lined. the a-line skirt will flatter most body types. the fabric and overall q	Dresses
Love this cream sleeveless top....it goes with everything and you can dress it up or down! this will be a go to top all summer long and probably wear thru the fall as well with a layered sweater, if needed. i typically wear small or medium size and got the medium hoping for a little longer length. i am 5'7, 34c, and overall wt. of approx. 128 lbs...it fits very nicely . thank you retailer!	Knits
Happy with this top- slightly thinner material than i was expecting but that'll be fine with our hot summers. got the navy striped one- very pretty and extremely soft. washes well. i do wear an tank underneath though bc the armholes are slightly large and you can see part of my bra.	Knits
The colors are vivid and perfectly autumnal but the fit is a mess. it was overall too large, the waistline curves up in the front and then falls into small pleats which was maternityish, the waistband was thicker than the dress and sat away from my body and the material was a cheapish poly. had the outer dress been made from the same material as the lining, i would have liked it better. the modesty closure was a plus but the dress was already unraveling when i took it out. #returned	Dresses
Just came today: the print is gorgeous. very bohemian. it's a dressier dress with the chiffon. on the con side, the chiffon is very delicate, snagged easily while trying on. there's raw edges on the waistband, needed trimming fresh out of the package. sz 10 fit in the waist, too small for 36d bust; sz 12 fits bust but is big in the waist. sz 10 ankle length for 5'7", 12 hits the floor. haven't decided if i'll keep the 12 and try to alter.	Dresses
Dress ran very large in every way. beautiful design, lining and quality material. i should have sized down 2 sizes. item is now sold out.	Dresses
I bought this shirt in the neutral and white and love it. so many people compliment it. i usually pair it with white pants and cute wedges to dress it up (obviously with a statement necklace too). but the greatest thing about this shirt is the fact that you can also dress it down. the material is fabulous but i have not washed it yet so i am not sure if it is going to shrink (which i hope it doesn't because it is one of my favorite pieces). unlike the other reviewer i did not think that the	Knits
Great shirt to wear with white pants and wedges. i'm a teacher and this is perfect for warmer months for school or for casual evening out. it runs big but falls in such a way that it doesn't make the wearer look big; it falls elegantly and in a flattering way.great, versatile shirt.	Knits
Love the fabric of this shirt even though it was thinner than i expected. it is soft to the skin and flattering. however i returned it because it is made for women with long torso and shorter shoulders.	Knits
I was so excited about the arrival of my maza dress. much to my surprise the material was not has structured as i thought it would be from the photos. the fit was very tight and did not fall as nicely as i anticipated. because i loved the classic design i decided to give it another chance so i returned it for the next size up and fell in love, the open sleeve was a nice surprise with a touch if elegance. the front buttons added a bit of old charm and feminineappeal. while the material was not v	Dresses
I'm 5'4", 130 lbs. 34 d. i bought the medium. i think i could have gotten the small but i didn't have time to re-order. it fit fine but could have been a little more snug around my top half. i love the length and the fabric.!	Dresses
Ranna designs richly detailed dresses and this is no exception. looks just like the pictures (colors/cut/drape) with the exception of a modesty hook at the deep v-neck. sleeves are sheer with an elastic cuff. this dress does not stretch--the bodice felt very fitted and tight, especially at the waist band. runs tts or small; if you're busty/broad shouldered, size up. it has a dreadful side zip, is fully lined and all synthetic fabric (boo!) i purchased size 10p, my stats 36c/38-27-35/135#.	Dresses
This dress makes you feel like a bohemian goddess. falls in the right area and absolutely adorable. the dress is very fragile, handle with care.	Dresses
Fun detail with the beading and lace! arms are a little longer while the body of the sweatshirt is a little shorter than expected, but that's the style of the piece. the fit was tts with those proportions mind. the ladies at the store said that if i ordered the size up, it might be a little longer in the body, but that the arms and shoulders would have been the biggest change. the material isn't too thick, so it's a nice lighter layer for fall/spring. really love it!	Knits
This is exactly what i was expecting. cute, comfortable and casual. there are some gold sequins in the scroll work that i didn't see online. they are super pretty in person.	Knits
I really wanted to love this t and was excited to receive it in the mail. i thought i was being realistic in assuming that is would be somewhat sheer given that there doesn't seem to be a woman's white t on the planet that isn't these days, however it was really sheer. the fit was also short and boxy (this coming from a 5'3 woman who is short-waisted) on the plus size the material is extremely soft and the design is cute. maybe if you are younger and don't mind the sheerness it's worth the gambl	Knits
I ordered this dress in both colors. the peach color is so beautiful in person. i'm planning to wear this dress for our rehearsal dinner at the end of the summer, if i can hold off until then! definitely worth the price.	Dresses
This dress is incredible. i saw a sales girl wearing it in my local retailer and loved it! i bought it in the navy color, it's gorgeous in person, very bright, vibrant colors. i am 5'9 34 c bra 27 inch waist and the s was quite big on my waist. i kept it anyway because the xs has been sold out, and got it taken in a bit. i wore it while vacationing in mexico and it definitely turned heads, if you're thinking about buying this dress, do it, you won't regret it!	Dresses
I really love the front of this shirt. however, the back of the shirt is more of a jersey material so it doesn't seem to match the front of the shirt. i still wear it and it looks cute, but it threw me off a bit at first.	Knits
Absolutely love this dress! fits true to size and makes anyone look fabulous	Dresses
I liked the color of this top but i didn't really like the ruffled stitching around the middle. it looks like someone just tacked on the bottom half. i bought this for my daughter and she likes it. i think it is comfortable and a good top to knock around in.	Knits
Bought both colors in xs and soooooo glad i did. this dress is absolutely gorgeous in either color... will have (do to the nice quality) and wear (very stylish) for a loooooong time.a must have for the summer!!!!!!	Dresses
Comfy sweatshirt with fun polka dot details. soft and not baggy. a little on the shorter side so i think i will layer a lace cami underneath and it will look even prettier. i'm 5'7", 140 pounds with an athletic, hourglass shape, 32dd. i bought the "2" which equates to a medium since i wanted it a little looser being a sweatshirt (i'm normally an retailer small but i don't think that would have worked in this case as it would have been too fitted). great comfy weekend piece!	Knits
I could wear this every day, it is stylish and comfortable	Knits
Pretty top. love the color and the large ruffle. makes it great for layering or with a pretty necklace.	Knits
Love this top!it is a full/ swing top, but the slightly shorter length balances out the fullness perfectly.i have been wearing it with a contrasting fitted cami and get tons of compliments.love both colors, and having fun wearing them.and after one washing the fullness is softer and looks like the pic.runs true to size and in the arms slightly tight, so i went with my usual med and fits perfect.if you have issues with sleeve size would recommend going up a size, otherwise very true to size	Knits
The styling of this top is really cute. it fits perfectly on the shoulders and gets bigger at the hem for the baby doll look. my biggest complaint is the quality! it's really cheap and feels like the quality i would expect to see at a cheap retailer. it catches lint like crazy and because the hem is just a pearl edge, it curls really badly. i buy quite a bit from here and this is the worst quality item i have seen in a long time. not worth the $$ if paying full price.	Knits
This dress is gorgeous!!! i love it! i bought it to wear to a july wedding. i got the navy and it is so fresh and crisp in color. the sizing is on spot! i slipped it on and it was comfortable, easy and stylish. i am 5'7" and typically xs. it falls exactly as portrayed in the online photos. it is lined in the skirt and the top is stretch jersey in the best weight! i am in love!	Dresses
This shirt is one of my favorite retailer purchases ever! it is well made and is perfect for work or the weekend. the first time i wore it, i received so many compliments!	Knits
I want to live in this sweatshirt. it's so comfy, but also well-cut and lays nicely, not boxy at all. i'm typically a 10-12 or l in tops and the 3 is roomy without looking sloppy.	Knits
I liked this top even though it was a definite 'swing' style. i ended up altering it to remove some of the fullness.looks great with jeans as well as black pants for a dressier look. very soft and comfortable fabric. wish it was just a little bit longer.	Knits
After missing out on last year's similar dress, i am so glad i finally purchased this one! it is beautiful in person. i bought to wear to a wedding, but i am curious if others think it might be too white? i bought the peach color. i will keep this dress no matter what. hope they come out with more next season!	Dresses
Like the other reviewer said this top is extremely wide and boxy. it must be pinned in the picture online. it's very frustrating when they do that. thank goodness i didn't pay for shipping! for reference, i'm 5'2 and 135 pounds and bought the xxs, it's going back for sure. i'm trying to lose baby weight, not trying to look pregnant!	Knits
I wanted to love this sweatshirt, but alas, it is going back. upon opening and unfolding, the first thing i noticed: the dots and not solid. they are sort of distressed looking, with parts of them missing. secondly, it doesn't have a lot of structure. it's soft and kind of floppy but in a weird way. it's just not flattering on me. it looks more like a pajama top than something i would wear out of the house. for reference, i ordered the 3, and i'm usually a 10/12 in tops.	Knits
Beautiful colors and silhouette (i got the navy). the skirt is lined and flows wonderfully when you walk. i've gotten a ton of compliments on it. i'm 5'9" and the high hem falls a few inches below my knee, and the low hem falls to my ankles.	Dresses
This dress is stunning- vibrant colors and flirty feel to it. i got the small and i am a 34b/27 pants, 132 lbs- great fit. i only question two things- am i tall enough to pull off the extra fabric in the back and what the heck do you where for a bra? those two considerations are why i didn't give it 5 stars.	Dresses
I wore this dress for the first time yesterday... i have never received so many compliments on a dress before! several people even stopped me in the streets of nyc to tell me how beautiful this dress was!it is an absolute must-have!	Dresses
This dress first caught my eye online. due to the price i resisted. then i saw in store and tried on...i decided to hold off for a sale, but my will was getting thin. once i saw it start to sell out online, i had to take the plunge. i knew this dress was a must have. it is super flattering and comfy! the best of both worlds. i'm small-chested so both the s and m fit, but the seam on the s fit a bit higher, which was more flattering on me, so s is what i got. it can be dressed up or slightly down	Dresses
I purchased the navy color of this dress. not only did it look good, but felt good as well. since it is for a wedding, i also purchased a white crochet cropped "sweater" to wear over as well, making the perfect dress for the mother of the groom. could not have been happier.	Dresses
Looks beautiful online but has too much material and the zipper catches on the lace. also runs very large, i am normally a small but would need and xs in this dress	Dresses
This dress has potential, but it didn't work for me. it runs true to size to a little big, i ordered medium, my usual size for maeve). as for length it fit me as the model (5'9"). the reason i'm not keeping it is that i wish it had some darts in the back to help define the waist a bit,	Dresses
I love this tee! the material is thick but not too thick. it's highly flattering- i love that the sleeves are a longer short sleeve to cover up the bingo wings. the shimmer on the front adds something special.	Knits
I just got this dress in the mail today and it is even better in person! the description didn't give as much information as i wanted so i'm going to be very detailed in this review. i did take off one star for quality because some of the beads are already loose (two fell off when i picked the dress up for the first time), and i'll have to hand sew others on more tightly. my usual size is a pxs or p0, and there were no petite sizes available. however the size 0 fits perfectly, no alterations need	Dresses
This top is good quality and cute. it runs large- i'm usually a medium and needed a small. the reason i will be returning it is because it flares out at the bottom on the black which is very unflattering on. it makes me look wide in the waist or like i'm wearing a maternity top. unfortunate because i really liked everything else about it.	Knits
Very comfy and light. can be casual with jeans and boots or dress it up with a nice necklace and pencil skirt.	Knits
I got the navy stripe version of this shirt and it has a very cute nautical vibe to it. i am either an xs or s in antho, and went with the xs for this shirt as i think the s would be too boxy. normally i would have overlooked this shirt as it's rather unimpressive on the hanger, but it was on sale so i tried it on. very cute when tried on! it fits well across the shoulders but isn't too clingy in the body, which i like. the fabric is very comfortable and the shoulder detail gives it a little mor	Knits
The top runs small, it is a very sexy and slimming top. i tried in l, it was too small so i have ordered it in xl. i hope it fits because it is very fitted and i am worried that the bottom will roll to the top with a fabric like this. but it is a very sexy, good looking, and slimming top. i love it!!	Knits
I was looking for a basic tee, but this one was just ok...the quality is okay, but it us not as soft as i would have liked. unfortunately, i will be returning this item.	Knits
I would've looked right over this online but i saw it in store and had to try on. the navy and the white were both cute but i tried the navy. i'm usually a m but went with the s b/c it looked better fitted. this shirt has a very vintage feel to it and is slinky and comfy. i can't wait to wear. would look great with white jeans!	Knits
This elegant white lace dress attracted compliments everywhere i wore it. it is classic with just the right amount of quirkiness . i like everything about it!	Dresses
I've been looking for the perfect work-appropriate lace dress (for a casual/creative work environment) for a while, and this was just the ticket! the pointed collar and demure shape add some structure to the feminine lace. i rolled the sleeves to a short-sleeve length just to tone done the cutesy factor a tiny bit more (although the sleeves, worn long, are absolutely gorgeous!). the lace isn't exactly the highest quality lace that retailer has ever used, but pretty nonetheless. i'm 5'5 /125 and th	Dresses
Disappointed in the quality of the dress. love the style and especially the colors. the fabric of the body of the dress is very very thin and just poorly made. the top bodice is more substantial. not worth the price tag of $148.00. dress does run short.	Dresses
This dress is not what i expected. the bottom half is wool-like material-looks like someone has worn it. the top snags easily so you must be careful when wearing jewelry. when i received the dress i noticed there were two small holes under the arms. i wouldn't of paid full price but for the amount, i sewed up the holes and packed it away for winter.	Dresses
I don't normally review my purchases, but i was so amazed at how poorly this dress was made, i couldn't help myself but to post a review. the neck line isn't even hemmed down so it flaps up. the material is thin and feel cheap. this dress isnt even worth $20 in my opinion. i was expecting a well made, good quality dress for the high price tag.	Dresses
Ordered this dress online, and i love it! i was looking for an understated but fun new years dress and this was exactly what i was looking for. the only minor qualm i had about the dress was that the velvet dots that hit where the seams met made the dress look puffier than it should some parts around the waist, but for the most part, the dress fit very well and was very flattering, may just need a little bit of ironing. i am 5'9 and usually am more conscious of how things fit around my hips, and	Dresses
Like the reviewers before me, this dress runs small in the rib cage. i normally take a 12 and am a 32b. the max size that this dress comes in is a 12 so i could only order a 12. it just fit but that is because i am a smaller 12 on the top. there is no wiggle room in the dress. that being said, it is a really cute style and shape - rather like a 50's style dress if you will with a sexy back. i am curvy on the bottom and this dress hides the flaws there for sure. however, because it is a fulle	Dresses
This dress is beautifully constructed. it is very fitted and does run on the small side. it will be a perfect derby dress. the lace is lovely and the pearl buttons are great touch. age appropriate for anyone..a very pretty dress. simple, classic and gorgeous!	Dresses
I really wanted this dress to work out, but i was slightly disappointed in the fabric for the sleeves. the fit was accurate. i'm 5'7 and ordered a 6, however, my husband said it looked too little girl like. i did end up returning it :(	Dresses
I bought the dress that has the cream skirt with large flowers. i wore it for a wedding and was not only very comfortable with the pockets and the cotton top, i looked good. i got a lot of compliments on the outfit. people thought it was a shirt and blouse rather than a dress. i loved the high low skirt. the sizing was accurate and the dress is easy to clean.	Dresses
I got this dress in hopes of having a really nice winter formal dress. it was not well made at all! the lining didn't line up with the top layer and the waist puffed out in uneven places. i am curvy so a puffy waistline in the last thing i need! the fabric itself is very nice, but just not well made. i do not recommend this dress.	Dresses
I walked into retailer with low hopes of finding a dress for a friend's spring wedding, as a lot of this season's dresses are more casual, but was drawn to this pretty number for multiple reasons: it can certainly be dressed up or down depending upon accessories, the fabric feels incredible, it has pockets, and it's really fun yet classy as heck. typically i wear a 10/m in dresses, but they only had a 12 in store, so i took it and made it work by tightening the sash a bit extra and wearing a bra w	Dresses
I was able to snatch this dress up just before it sold out (and i see it's now back in stock!). the quality of the fabrics is outstanding, not flimsy at all. the top is stretchy. normally i would wear a 2 at retailer, but the only choice i had was 0 and it fit. i am 5'5" tall, 125 lbs. everything about this dress makes me smile and i can't wait to wear it to my holiday party! don't hesitate if you are on the fence.	Dresses
I saw this dress online and immediately went to the store to try on! it took three sales asscoaites to help me zip the dress but once it was on it was beautiful! the bodice fits really nicely. true to size. there was extra fabric around the waist bust nothing that made the fit look weird. love love love!!! wearing for christmas eve!	Dresses
I thought this dress was worth reviewing since my opinion differs from many others.i agree that the fabric is quite thin compared to what you may be used to with byron lars dresses, but the flattering fit and quality (has a nice built in slip) i found to be what you may expect from the brand. if you go in thinking it's more of a spring/summer dress, you will not be disappointed.however, i find the sizing to be slightly off. i usually wear a 2p (i'm 5'2"), or a 0 regular.i ordered several size	Dresses
I really love this lace-up shirt, but i only liked it in black on me. i like it open like the model is wearing it, but i had to have it a little more closed because the lace part does go down a ways-and i felt like i was revealing a little too much. i would likely wear it open, but then have to pair it with a cami underneath to feel comfortable. i absolutely love the whole outfit as-pictured, and also reviewed the polka dot pants. i wish the laces were a little longer than they are-if you have i	Knits
I love byron lars dresses, and this design is on-point. the ruffle at the neckline is so pretty, and the dress fits like a dream. however -- the fabric!!! i would have loved it if this dress had a heavier feel. this is, sadly, going back today.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it online and due to the "slim fit," i ordered a size up -- a 2 petite up from my normal 0 petite. when i received it, i was surprised about two things: 1) the material was kind of puffy (not bad, just weird), and 2) it was too big on top - rare for a petite size - even though it fit everywhere else. i wanted to love it, but had to return. would be gorgeous for someone else!	Dresses
I was hesitant based on the reviews, but i'm glad i ordered this dress (in blue). the material is like a french dot texture that is soft but still a bit structured. i had no issues with the fit. it's appropriately just a little oversized. the styling is very mod!	Dresses
Great feature...perfect lacing...do not need to worry that it is too low since there is material behind the bottom of the lacing. like 3/4 length sleeve. gives top the right proportion.	Knits
I love this dress, i mean it si really pretty in person, however, the breast area is just too small... i can't wear a bra with it, and my "older" breasts just droop, not flattering. they are barely covered... i am a bit disappointed at that, but if you are smaller up there, i say give it a try... i am 115 lbs, 26.5 ion waist, 30dd and xs petite was great everywhere but chest.colors and fabric are great, i love that the different colors are different types of fabric... too bad.	Dresses
I love the lace up design and bought the red xsp, fabric is a bit thin and mediocre quality, but over all happy with purchase. wish this top came in navy and white as well. even a navy/white stripe would be a fun option too. thanks you for offering this top in a petite size. :)	Knits
I'm 5'1 and 110 lbs. i ordered this in a xsp and i could barely zip it up. and when i did i couldn't breathe. i tried again and ordered a sp and it's perfect! now i just need somewhere to wear it.	Dresses
I just tried this top in red in xs and i think it's cute. it's fairly fitted in my opinion; the sleeves are pretty snug but there's stretch to them. i was fine with the fabric and the size xs (i'm ~105 lbs, 34aa) even though sometimes i fit better in xspetite. the only downside is that the washing instructions say to remove the tie before machine washing, and i guess that put me off a little (the idea of re-lacing it every time). so i haven't yet bought it. the red is vibrant, tomato red and the	Knits
The cut of this shirt is lovely and well thought out, the opening for the arm are not too big like some other shirts. i liked the material and the melon/ salmon color which i ordered was more vibrant in person. this does run large so i wished i had ordered one size down.	Knits
I loved this dress as soon as i tried it on, but... it bunched up weird in the front around my hips. i ordered a second size 4, hoping that it would fit better. but same thing. if i tried to go to a size 6 it would be too big every where else. fyi - i'm 5'8" 129lbs and i'm a runner. it's not like i have a huge backside or anything. my guess is sizing is off. i've tried another of his dresses and it fit perfectly.	Dresses
I really like this top. it's super cute - perfect for a football game or fairly casual event. the material is ribbed and is thick enough that you can't see through. i purchased this top in red and initially in petite but ended up returning it for the regular size. i love this top!	Knits
Nice tee, true red,3/4 sleeves, lacing is a nice touch. good quality and great sale price.	Knits
Very nice casual, inexpensive shirt and the laced neckline is great....not too revealing and easily worn tied without looking prudish. and of course, open as well	Knits
I'm usually an xs for most retailer dresses and shirts. i ordered up per other reviews and got a small. the small fits comfortably around my waist. the chest area is not made for large chests. my 34ds were barely contained. sad to say, i won't be keeping the dress. the layers, fabric, and colors are truly pretty but the design/fit is disappointing.	Dresses
I really like how this looks on the model, but in real life this top is much tighter. i was hoping for a good layering top and have been playing around with the trend of lace up tops. i bought it without trying on figuring a small would work, but it was much too tight and the lace top reminded me of vans shoes. i returned it, a girl much tinier than myself has it and it is very cute on her. so, best works on a model body type figure than someone with even slight hips.	Knits
I got this shirt in red and black. both colors vibrant and material of shirt is nice cotton blend. will get lots of use from both shirts.	Knits
This is the most flattering shirt--love the fit and color!	Knits
Three strikes and retailer is out for me! i am so disappointed. i really liked this dress and was looking for a fun, distinctive new shift dress. got it, tried it on, took it off, went back to look at the listing online...nowhere does it mention that it has a drop-seam in the shoulders. i guess you can see it if you zoom in closely on the image, but it's not mentioned in the text. who on god's green earth actually looks good with a drop-shoulder?! it hits every woman under 5'10" right in the middl	Dresses
I love this shirt so much that i've now bought it in 2 colors -- the olive green and the red. probably would have bought it in black too if i didn't already have enough black shirts. it's both a plain and simple tee, but with the fun lace-up detail at the neckline that keeps it from being boring.it runs true to size but is very fitted. however, due to the thickness of the material, i didn't feel like any unflattering bumps or lumps were being highlighted, despite how close the shirt fit to my	Knits
I like the lace-up trend, but most designs are too revealing. this shirt is super sexy, but not immodest. i bought it in black and am now buying another color. to me, the fabric feels soft and thick, very nice.	Knits
Great shirt. the neckline is super flattering. the fabric has some weight to it. right now i am in a "fat stage"...and it still looked good. it will look even better without the midriff bulge! i bought the shirt in black. i'm thinking of ordering it in red...it's that good.	Knits
This is a great shirt that goes with everything. it's super sexy and i have to say....the girls look great in it! i bought the black first and went back for the green. the quality of the shirt is great...not cheap and no smell, at least not in my experience, like was mentioned by another reviewer. i can't say enough about how cute this shirt is!	Knits
I got to try this on today and i really like it. the fabric is a normal t-shirt kind of fabric (i was hoping it would have been kind of special) and the v-neck in the front does go down a ways so that some cleavage is showing. i would feel comfortable wearing it as-is outside of work, but would have to pair it with a cami if i would going to wear it to work. normally, i am not a huge fan of v-neck in the back and it drives me crazy thanks cami's these days are often made with a "versatile" v and	Knits
Nice fit and flare style, not clingy at all. i got the grey color, petite large, fits perfect. will wear with tights/boots or booties. lots of color options to accessorize with.	Dresses
This dress is flattering in all the right places. it has a gorgeous skirt with a comfortable, form-fitting top. it provides just the right amount of coverage. i love it so much i bought it in two colors!	Dresses
When i first opened this dress and tried it on i thought it was adorable. it is very flattering on my hourglass figure and hides my recent baby weight. the problem is the hem. it was already rolling up when i took it out of the package, and i should have noticed and returned it, but i figured the problem would be easily solved by a good ironing. well, it wasn't, and it gets worse every time i wash the dress. it's like the hem isn't constructed properly.	Dresses
I love this sweater dress and get compliments every time i wear it.. i bought the navy in size xs. the pattern and colors are just fun and youthful, although you don't have to be young to look good in this dress. the dress is fitted, but the skirt flares, making it flattering if you have hips like me. the material is not too heavy so you can wear this 3 seasons fall, winter, spring. as other reviews have mentioned the dress is short. i am 5'9" so it does hit well above my knees. this isn't an is	Dresses
I bought this in the white, size m (140lbs., 5'8", 34b) because i wanted a baggy fit, which i got, so this is tts. the white is more of an off-white rather than a bright white, which i like because i happen to be looking for an off-white tee. and the shape is good--even in a larger size, this tee nips in at the waist.however, the quality of this tee is lacking, as it is the typical, cheap, marled, slightly see-through material that seems to be everywhere these days and the band on the back of th	Knits
Extremely flattering. an easy dress to wear - good choice for both day and evening	Dresses
Nice fabric, very versatile but the knit top and style accentuates your bust. probably not an issue for most but if your a d or up it's more attention than you may want.	Dresses
I had it on my wish list for a long time, not sure whether i should purchase, i even hesitated when it went on sale, but boy, am i glad i did order it... it is crazy comfortable, flattering, and love that it looks black but is blue... i ordered both xs and xs p and decided to go with the petite as it will look super cute in the fall with boots. not too short (i am 5 foot 1.5)... the fake leather part concerned me at first, but i like it now... nothing bad ot say about it!	Dresses
Soft cotton in very stylish yet simple style. regrettably, i listened to reviews that said it ran tts and ended up w a baggy long one that won't work even if i shrink it. that will teach me-- always order multiple sizes!	Knits
I ordered this dress in size xl in the grey/red/yellow combination. i love everything about this dress. it's comfortable. the colors are cheerful. the proportions of where the stripes are placed works. but, i have to return this dress. it's too short for what i'm comfortable wearing. i saw from the photos that this comes mid-thigh on the taller models. i hoped that would mean it would be more knee-length for me. unfortunately, it's just too short and i'd feel self-conscious. i don't want to deal	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress, but it was so short! i'm only 5'6" so i don't consider myself really tall, but the dress only came a couple of inches lower than my butt! way too short for me. my husband asked if it was a shirt or dress haha. but i think this would look adorable on someone a few inches shorter. or someone younger who can pull of a short shirt :)	Dresses
I ordered size small and medium because i can go either way depending on brands. and both look great! there is no significant difference except medium fell about 1 inch longer. i am 5'4" and size small hem fell about 1" above knee. size medium felt tab bit more loose but i thought fabric may stretch a bit after wear so i'm keeping size small. what a beautiful dress! although the body of dress is jersey material, it is lined so there is good coverage. i tend to not like "faux leather" since they	Dresses
Very cute, very comfortable. for me aesthetics and comfort must go hand in hand. this dress fits the bill.	Dresses
The fun colors drew me to this but it sure fit weird. the top was fine but it became a bit tent-like in the waist. the material doesn't feel great either.	Dresses
Very comfortable and versatile. got lots of compliments.	Dresses
This dress is really cute in person. however, it did not fit me like it does the model in the pic at all. first of all i'm 5 feet 1 and it was wayyy too short on me. i didn't have the petit on either-- i had the regular xs. it just hits a couple of inches too short for me. i am 50. it would be adorable if i were more comfortable in shorter dresses. i wear short things a lot, but this was just too high on me. it was probably a good 8 inches above my knee. also it flared too dramatically at the wa	Dresses
This knit dress is very comfortable. i liked the various colors used in the stripes. my only issue with it, is that the skirt of the dress flares out oddly and is quite short. in my opinion, this dress, with its sturdy fabric and long sleeves, would appear more proportional with a longer skirt. skirt length, along with horizontal stripes just did not work for me. regrettably, i sent it back.	Dresses
Love love this dress. fits so great. i normally wouldn't have picked this dress. more preppy than my normal style. fits amazing. my hubby has complimented me more on this dress than anything else i've ever owned. the fit & flare style is super flattering i felt it fit tts.	Dresses
Beautiful colors, especially the pink. i am 5'3" and about 124 lb. i got the small petite but am thinking of exchanging it for the regular xs. not only is it short hem-wise, which i don't really mind, but it is short in the waist. very pretty and good fabric.	Dresses
This dress caught my eye because i don't have anything like it. i wear between a m & l and preferred the large in this dress because i have a large bust. i usually wear a 10 in slacks and 12 in tops. i love the lace on this dress because it looks very delicate in the picture but it is very heavy and well sewn onto the fabric. it is durable while still looking elegant. i also like that it is in navy and not black. it is also nicely lined. i plan on wearing a colorful scarf with this dress.	Dresses
This dress looks great on me. it gives a slender appearance which hides a lot and it's easy and comfortable to wear.	Dresses
For me, the tag sale is an opportunity to take a second look at items that i may have overlooked earlier, to pick up something fun at a good price. i found this dress in two colors in my size in the store! i took my usual xxsp at 32-24.5-32. length is perfect - just above the knee and the top is flattering with not too much fabric in the skirt. overall, this is a really cute staple dress. looking forward to wearing it in the spring. larger busted ladies size up. it is meant to be fitted in the t	Dresses
I absolutely love everything about this dress. it can be dressed up or down. no complaints.	Dresses
The horizontal lines on the skirt and top gives the wearer and very nice dress. i am short so i got the 6 petite and it fits perfectly. the fabric is thick and stretchy.	Dresses
The colors are more vibrant than the photo indicates. indeed, though, the dress is very short and does pair well with leggings and boots.i like that the dress highlights my hour glass figure, but with a generous nod to my curves with the accommodating skater skirt.love it! will be easy to wear casually and work appropriate, too. the sale price was a huge bonus.	Dresses
I love this dress because its very playful and bouncy. it puts me in a light hearted mood when i wear it. i originally wanted to buy the grey color but my store only had the navy, so i tried it on. the navy is brighter and more colorful than it looks on line and the stripes are more varied in color than in the picture - so its quite appealing and vibrant. the lines of the dress are also quite flattering. all in all, its a fun dress!	Dresses
This dress is so comfortable, and i love the unique faux leather skirt and lace design. it really adds a special touch to the dress. i only gave it four stars because the top half is pretty boring...i wish the neckline wasn't so matronly. i'll definitely need a bib necklace or scarf to dress it up. i'm 5'5" and 115 and ordered the xs. i wish the dress cut in a little more at the sides to accentuate an hourglass figure, also. my husband loved it.	Dresses
I've admired the various iterations of this dress and finally found one in the sale room, much to my delight! i'm generally a sale shopper, so this doesn't mean i didn't think it was priced well. i have the oatmeal top with yellow/gold/orange pattern on the skirt in xs. the small fits comfortably up top, but on my petite frame, the top just looked too big, so i went with xs. i suppose the straps are a bit confusing, but their easy to figure out if you just look at them for a moment before puttin	Dresses
This dress is comfortable as well as flattering, which does not happen very often!looks good with navy tights too!	Dresses
Based on some reviews i decided to get the regular xs, even tho i am an xs petite (5'2, 107 lb, 32c) i found the fit to be flattering -- fitted enough but not too loose or tight. the length is perfect and work appropriate, and the material has some weight to it. the grey one is colorful and cute. the only problem is the bagginess of the arms -- very unflattering. if i push the sleeves up, it hides the bagginess a little, but i would like to have the option to wear the dress with long sleeves., s	Dresses
I purchased this dress because i have a similar one with a linen skirt from the spring. the skirt on this dress is a heavier fabric and it lays very nicely. the top provides good coverage for my larger chest and i took my typical xs size. i would definitely recommend this purchase.	Dresses
I went to my local store and they only had the blue dress in stock, i had seen it online and i didn't expect to like the blue one. i tried it on anyway, and it was adorable! i struggled to choose, but i ordered the gray one at the store and they shipped it directly to me. it arrived quickly and i love it!	Dresses
I thought that it looked like it belonged on a 15 year-old. i can almost see why they styled the model in what looks like ankle socks....ready for cheerleading. for reference it fits true to size, but is very short. i am 5'2" and tried on a regular small - it was at least 5 inches above my knee.	Dresses
I loved this dress when i saw it. however the fit was way off. i am 5'7" 120 lbs and the small was way too big from the waist down. when the xs arrived i was sure it would be perfect. unfortunately the waist hit way too high, above my rib cage and the dress was too short. it was as if it was a petite size. i was very disappointed as this is such a pretty, easy dress to just throw on for school. unfortunately neither size looked right on me and i had to return both. the material is also not the s	Dresses
I really wanted this to work. for me the arm cutout was too wide. a cap or lace flutter sleeve would've worked . also expected a little more length felt like the petite length.	Dresses
I was hoping this would go on sale and now it finally has! i loved this dress just as much in person as i have online. the fabric is interesting-it looks almost plastic in the online pictures but don't be fooled, it is still a comfortable fabric. it is almost like lots of diamond pieces were actually sewn together to make this dress and i love it. there is a sipper down the side to make it easier to get into, but also in the back there is bunched up fabric which is made to be ore bendable for th	Dresses
I tried this dress on and felt amazing in it. i got home and showed my husband my purchases. i told him i wasn't sure if i should have bought this one and told him to be honest with me. he said it looked great and he was glad i bought it. so great for a spring wedding. fits true to size. i am 125 5'4" c-cup and i bought my normal size 0. this made my waist look really small.	Dresses
Wow the mixed reviews on this dress would make someone not get it at all.it is true to size. i'm a 6 and the six fit as a glove on me.the material is not at all stiff. i actually wished it was a bit more structured. but that didn't bother me.i was able to close the zipper by myself.i'm 5'7" 144lb 36a.the top feels confortable to me as well. i don't considered myself curve like jlo but i have hips. the dress does not make me feel bigger at all.the only down side is that it looks more expens	Dresses
I love , love this top !! it looks just like the picture on model. the front is a soft t-shirt and the back is so cute and flattering . super unique and comfortable style.!! i am 5'4 -105 and xs fits perfect.	Knits
This is a very cute and unique top!! i absolutely love the back, which makes up for my indifference of the front. i'm a little heavier in the middle, so it hides it a bit, but the light blue from the back that shows on the sides makes me feel a little wider. it's not perfect, but i like it enough to keep it. i got lots of compliments on it when i wore it. it's very comfortable too. i just wish the front had a little more to it or was a tad longer. overall very happy.	Knits
I'm surprised i'm the first to review this dress! it is a must for the holidays and any special occasion! it is absolutely gorgeous! it is so feminine and seductive; it's one of those dresses that would be stunning on anyone! it is a quality dress, beautifully made, looks just like the photo. i'm 5'9" & the hemline falls at the top of my knees. the neckline is exquisite & really "makes" the dress. i purchased the black version but if i was younger i'd get it in red as it would garner quite a bit	Dresses
Was drawn to this dress in the store. my location had it displayed well (one mannequin with the dress & a jean jacket...another with the faux fur cardigan). the dress is a very vibrant red. but the fit is not for me. i am busty (34c) with a short torso, and the dress made me look like dolly pardon on top. but there was a lot of room on the bottom. i tried on a size 6 and felt like i needed a size larger on the top and a size smaller on the bottom. having said that, the material is a very good qu	Dresses
I was really excited about this top since i have others from retailer that are similar in styling. unfortunately, it just didn't work out. i am petite with a short torso and ordered my usual size and it was way too short in the front. the top was also boxy and didn't sit right. it just wasn't flattering. cute top on the hanger, but just not on me.	Knits
The back of this t-shirt looks cute but the front looks really weird. the material in the back is quite stiff but the grey material is soft, so the front gray area ends up hanging weirdly and looking uneven and messy. i appreciate asymmetrical clothing but to me it looked like a patched up rag from the front. it fits true to size.	Knits
I love the color and the style, however it doesn't look as well as the model as i don't have a small waist like the model does. still overall, i love this dress and it is well made and comfortable	Dresses
I am 5'3" 130 and curvy and this dress fit me perfectly. it's great for parties and weddings (depending on how formal). the only reason i gave it four stars is because the fabric is a little strange; the ribbing for the squares is almost like a pillowy fabric, and it feels a little bit on the cheaper side but luckily it doesn't look cheap. nonetheless, i love this dress and would definitely recommend!	Dresses
Love this dress! just wore it last night to an early valentine's dinner. very classy, simple, but gorgeous. i'm a size 2 in just about everything but i always buy a size 4 in retailer dresses because i'm tall (5'9") and have broad shoulders and a long torso, and sizing up in dresses works better all around. i am also not busty (32b). i did get this in a 4. this dress was a little awkward at first trying to hook and then zip but once i got that down it worked. the hook is right up under your	Dresses
Fits very strange. odd cut. does not look well on.	Knits
My store had this and i was so intrigued with its nearly $400 price tag that i decided to play dress up. the colors in person match the colors online, so that was nice to see consistency. overall though, i feel like a dress of that price would need to make me feel like a million bucks, which it did not. most items that fit my slender frame are too short, and this was no exception. the xs fit but i wouldn't be doing much moving, walking or dancing in this dress, which brings me to the question of	Dresses
Great little transitional piece. i bought the blk/blk floral one & it's not your usual top. sort of quirky & one of a kind looking. i think it's crazy comfortable & i just love it! even its a bit chilly outdoors, toss on a scarf round one's neck & head on out. not the kind of top you'd wear with a jacket.	Knits
I was lucky enough to get a hold of this intarsia sweater dress after the sale and i wish i had purchased this the first time round. it is absolutely stunning, flattering, comfortable and unique! i am 5'3" and the regular hem fit me just fine at the ankles. i think this dress runs both tts to a bit large so i would size down if your small framed and stay your usual if your busty or broad shouldered. perfectly complements my taupe booties that i already owned and a my taupe maxi sweater that has	Dresses
I am returning the dress because it smells heavily of the last purchaser's deodorant and perfume. it was actually nauseating to put on. i am disappointed with retailer that i was sold this dress, full price, in this condition. otherwise, the dress is lovely. it is true to size. i am 5'5" 110 lbs and the size 0 was perfect.	Dresses
First, my husband had to help me zip up in this interesting but awkward design. the materials is nice, but stiff, so the skirt is quite full. the shoulder idea is interesting, but i would not want to spend an evening in it. to me, not up to the usual ms standard.	Dresses
I just tried on this dress in the store, in red, and i loved the off the shoulder design. the color is just as pictured online (a light poppy red). the neckline began a few inches below my collarbone and was super flattering. however, the skirt portion of this dress flared awkwardly at the hips, causing my hips to look much wider than they really are (and also disturbing the otherwise clean lines of the dress). it seemed to me that there was too much fabric at the back portion of the skirt than	Dresses
Unique design. love the collar and broad cuffs. the xs regular fits me better than the s petite, which is a bit short.	Knits
I bought this dress in the cream color. it was sold out online in most sizes but i stumbled upon it in person and immediately had to have it. i'm usually xs or small, and bought the small. they did not have an xs available so i can't compare, but the small was flattering and comfortable. i'm 5'5" 120 (34c) and it falls perfectly at my ankles (no dragging) and looks great with simple, neutral sandals. as some reviewers have mentioned it has some weight to it, so it's probably not great for hot da	Dresses
This is a fabulous style top! highly recommend this top. comfortable material. retailer is consistently tried and true to a classy style!	Knits
This dress is gorgeous, but i should warn all the tall ladies out there that it fits quite awkwardly. i'm 5'10" and tried both the petite (thinking it would fall more like a midi), and the regular, hoping it would fit like a maxi should. both hit at a very awkward spot on my mid-shin... as much as i loved and wanted it, it looked too weird to justify buying.	Dresses
Love the coral color - so pretty in person. it is slightly lower cut on the chest than i expected. this is a great top for the weekends!	Knits
I never buy anything at retailer full price, but had to get this when i tried it at my local store, especially since it's back ordered for so long. it's very flattering, and super comfortable. fully lined, not see- through at all. elastic waist that's hidden under the sweater top. will be so easy to throw on and dress up for an evening out, or lounge in after a day at the pool or beach. looking at the model pics, i was concerned the arm pit holes came too low, but on me that is not the case. the t	Dresses
I don't typically write bad reviews, but this dress is so bad and i want to save someone else from buying it. i read the mostly bad reviews and still purchased anyway (my fault i know). the dress is super stiff ( i know denim can be that way and it is possible it would soften up after a few washes). i'm typically a 6/8 and the size small swallowed me, and the xs was big everywhere except through the bust (i ordered both sizes to try). i wouldn't recommend buying this if you are a size 8 or small	Dresses
After reviewing the comments for this dress i was really hesitant about buying it online, so i finally went to the store and all of the reviews are 100% true. this dress is amazing in terms of quality, but the sizing makes zero sense. i'm normally a size 12, but based on the reviews i initially tried on a medium. even that was huge, arm holes so long you could see my entire bra. so i tried on the small and that fit perfectly. unfortunately, unless you're normally an 8(maybe) or above in sizing,	Dresses
Loved the style, ordered my normal m- fit tts though i thought i would potentially taper the sides to make less boxy (with a larger bust and shoulders, boxiness is unflattering). the slight boxiness looked perfect with stretchy, fitted business slacks. midday, i held my ipad up to my chest and the velcro from the cover pulled an entire lychnis delicate threads. not just snagged- i had to gently separate the threads from velcro grip. needless to say, it pulled the threads out by at least 1/2 an i	Knits
Nice basic top...i will get plenty of use out of this! love the neckline.	Knits
I'd been eyeing this dress since i first saw it in the dress catalog when it came out. when i saw it in person, it was just as beautiful as i remembered! i'm about 140 lbs and usually wear a size s or m, but i tried the s on and decided to size down to an xs, because the linen flowy fabric lays a bit wide when on the body; however, the s would have worked, too! i'd say size down if you prefer your clothes a tiny bit more fitted. the fabric is beautiful and lightweight, even though there is more	Dresses
Don't buy this dress unless you are normally a medium or larger. order it one or two sizes smaller than your normal size. i ordered an xs and it's more like a medium or large.	Dresses
I got this in blue and also in white, both size medium. it's a very comfy casual top and i love the horseshoe neckline and front facing seaming which makes it just a bit different. however....i can't figure out why the blue color fits quite a bit smaller than the white. but it does, so consider this when you order, depending upon how you want it to fit. i'm keeping both but will wear the blue in a different way, definitely not with leggings.	Knits
I ordered the white solid & the white w/blue stripes versions in size xl. both fit me true to size. the fit matches the model's photos. i got these on sale and they're worth that price. they're great basics to have. the white/blue striped one is my favorite. it such a pretty combo. i love the unique neckline too. fun details for a basic tee.	Knits
The overall styling was great, and the dress is super-cute, if a little thick (it's made of denim, after all). i ordered a size down from my normal, and even then, i was swimming in it. the worst part, and the aspect that will make me return it, is that the arm holes hang down so low that i'd have to wear a tank top under the dress. i'm returning it, though it is really cute and i love this brand. the arm holes killed it for me.	Dresses
I normally wear a size 2 so i ordered a small and an small petite, i will be keeping the small because the small petite looks like a shirt on me, my height is 5'4". it runs very big underneath the arms as well. the design is so unique i will be keeping it.	Dresses
This dress is still super cute despite its shortcomings. i agree with other reviewers that it definitely runs large, and very small petite/thinner ladies might feel it's overwhelming. it worked for me in my usual size l though. for reference i'm 5'3 and this hit just above the knee. and while the dress is "roomy," a smaller size would likely have been tighter or pulled on my fuller (36d) chest as there's not much give in that area. i agree that the armpit holes are ridiculous, but a thin camisol	Dresses
So comfy and stylish. love the color, i purchased the indigo/blue. nice fit, relaxed fit....not fitted. might have to get another color. it's fun to have a tee with a different design detail (neckline). i'm 5'7 145-150 lbs and ordered the medium. a smaill probably would have worked too, since my shoulders are a bit narrow. but mediumd is fine:)	Knits
The coral is stunning. the shirt has a slight flare at the bottom that you can't see in the picture, it isn't a straight cut. the sewn edges are rough style making the shirt right for casual wear with jeans, or dressing down something fancier.	Knits
I bought it in the cream color and loved it so much that i bought it in black too. super cute with jeans! can dress it up too. the only slight negative, if i had to find one, is that i feel like i have to pull it forward, at the neckline every once in a while...it doesn't choke me but just feels like it's heavier in the back so pulls a bit. worth it though! :)	Knits
This is a perfect saturday t shirt for the colder days. great fit; not form fitting with no elastic or rayon, soft cotton with great details. im 5'8 140 ish and the medium fit great. i bought a washed denimy blue in the store but may be coming back for more colors now! the white was to sheer for my taste though	Knits
I can never resist a peter pan collar, so i bought this top in the ivory. it's so cute! i wore it for the first time today and received many compliments. it's very comfortable, fits well, and looks expensive. highly recommend it!	Knits
This is absolutely adorable and so flattering! i have the patterned shirt, and i just purchased the white one and the orange one because i like it so much. i am 5 ft. 9" and 155 lbs. and the medium fits nicely. hope this helps!	Knits
I bought this a little ago in the denim color. it has become a favorite so much that i bought another in white.	Knits
This is a cool relaxed style with the benefit of an open neckline to add a bit of femininity. i tried on the faded blue and striped colors in the store. the faded blue goes well with the style, but the stripe is cute too. the sleeves are quite long and too tight to roll up, so if you are petite like me you will definitely want to order the petite size- and probably even those you who are in between petites and regular sizes. the sleeves may also be too narrow for some people.	Knits
This is a very pretty dress and looks just as it's pictured. however, there is a lot of fabric - the lower half is very full and runs very large.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. the colors are heavenly and it looks light and airy. it isn't, it is very heavy, much too heavy for florida heat. the top layer is a beautiful sand color and while the fabric is nice, the heaviness of the top really weighs the whole dress down. i felt like it added ten pounds to my appearance, easily. back it went, boo hoo. if you are between sizes, i would size down, runs a bit big.	Dresses
I was not impressed with this dress online but when i tried it on at the store i fell in love. it's a great summer / fall dress. i love the sweater top and linen bottom. so many compliments on it!	Dresses
Absolutely in love with this shirt. the neckline is extremely flattering, and the shirt naturally comes away from the body.	Knits
I needed a tee refresher, i had a good feeling about this one so ordered all three colors when they were on a promo, and i'm not disappointed. the neckline is different and works great to emphasize your favorite necklace. the tee holds shape after washing and drying. my favorite is the blue which i like to wear with dark wash jeans as styled on the model. the white has a cream tinge to it and i'm able to wear it with a nude bra without looking indecent. there is a cute little button detail at th	Knits
The fabric and detailing of this dress is of superior quality, but unfortunately it runs huge-- you definitely need to wear a tank or cami underneath. i am 5'9 145lbs with massive shoulders/smaller bust and i got the xs petite!	Dresses
This dress is everything. i'm 5'4, athletic build, 36d and the medium fit me perfectly. the colors are really understated and beautiful and can easily be dressed up or down. i wish the elastic around the waist fell a little lower but that's one of those things only i notice and definitely didn't keep me from falling in love and buying it. can't wait to wear it on vacation next week!	Dresses
I purchased in store to avoid shipping costs. my local stores don't carry xxs, so they are mailing it to me. i usually wear an xs, but it was roomier than i cared for and made it look a bit sloppy on me. this tee is more distressed looking in person than online, as well. i wish it were more refined because the neckline is very feminine & interesting; i would have liked the ability to dress it up more. also, the solid blue and coral are lighter in color than they appear on my monitor. the blue st	Knits
Very soft and comfy tee. like the interesting neckline. wish the petite neckline was slightly higher, but sleeves are right length and have great cuffs.	Knits
Ordered the xsp (5'4" about 118-120#, athletic build)...this was huge all over. big in the armholes, too much fabric hanging in the skirt (cream fabric) front and back, not flattering at all from the sides and as long on me as it shows on the model. i love the idea of this and for the right body type (of course) this will be beautiful. it also would not be a very versatile piece for me...the top sweater part is quite thick (lovely) and heavy. in oklahoma this would not work for very many weeks..	Dresses
I love the way this t-shirt fits. the horseshoe opening in front is deep enough to add interest, but not too revealing. will look great with layered, dainty necklaces. the sleeves are nice and long - and i have long arms. the length of the shirt itself could be an inch or two longer, but overall the design is nice. not too tight, not too loose. i'm 5' 5" and 125 lbs - 34c and the small fits me well. fabric is medium weight - could be a little thicker. the brick color is nice and works great with	Knits
The blue is a very flattering color. the fit is not. it does not lay in the back like in the photo on the model. instead, there is a lot of fabric that falls in horizontal folds because it does not fall straight because the sides at the bottom are narrower than the mid section. i think i'm going to return it. the neckline is very nice and faltering. the sleeve at the wrist is kind of constricting, though, and long. it doesn't run big at the chest section, just the mid section, then tapers in at	Knits
This top has a comfy cozy feel while still being flattering. i especially like the generous neckline--adds a uniqueness to it. great shirt for dressing down, but still feeling feminine. i bought two! my husband always compliments me when i wear it.	Knits
This dress is perfect. i'm literally wearing it right now. it's crazy comfortable while still being flattering. it looks and feels high quality, and just barely doesn't hit the floor. it makes me feel like a goddess. plenty of room in the bust area, even for me (36dd), and doesn't show bra straps or underwear. highly recommended!	Dresses
I had tried this on in the beige & loved it but could not find it in my size so i got it in the pink.did not look at good as the beige.	Dresses
I love retailer and fell in love as soon as i saw this dress online. being 5'10" i love a quality maxi dress and this one did not disappoint. however, being 5'10" also means the top sweater overlay hits me way short. it looks ridiculous. i also thought that this was very heavy for a maxi dress and could not imagine wearing it in 80 degree weather. unfortunately after waiting so long for it's arrival this is going back.	Dresses
I love this shirt. it would be a fairly basic tee but the neckline makes it fun. it's very soft and comfortable. i bought the white with blue pattern and will probably purchase additional colors.	Knits
I love this shirt. the neckline is flattering and the overall feel is very comfy.	Knits
Bought this today - cant speak to wear - but overall design is so incredibly cute and flattering. i am usually a small or medium, but went with a medium. so different and wearable! white is sheer so opted for a denimy blue color that i dont see listed available online.	Knits
I am on the fence about this dress, as you'll see the reasons below, but it is really breathable fabric and extremely comfortable!_________pros:- tons of stretch to the top part. i'm a 36c, so a lot of retailer tops are too snug for women with some bust. however, i fit into a medium here without it being too snug. you could actually go down or up depending on how loose or tight you'd like it to be on you.- the bottom half, the skirt, feels so nice on the skin. very breezy. it is layered an	Dresses
I was so in love with this dress when i saw it in the store but so disappointed when i put it on. i am 5'10" with curves and usually buy a large in dresses. this dress looked like a sack on me. the top was way too big and loose making the dress a boxy cut rather than a maxi cut like i was expecting. the dress is lovely to look at on the hanger and feels good on but i don't think it flatters hourglass figures. it was the right length for me unlike many other reviewers. obviously, based off the	Dresses
The detail on this dress is lovely -- it's unusual and well-made from soft fabric. it is big though -- i would usually wear a medium and ordered a petite small. to give you a sense of how large it is, i am currently 33 weeks pregnant, and bought this to wear after the pregnancy. i can actually get it on now, over the considerable baby bump. it doesn't look good, but i can in fact get it on. hoping it won't be way too large post-pregnancy, but it seems to fit fine in the shoulders now. definitely	Dresses
I saw the cream color in size regular small in the "only one left" section at my local store. i had my heart set on this dress all summer but it was sold out, so i was super excited to see it. the color is true cream, like linen color. i was surprised that the dress is very heavy, as heavy as a medium sized coat. i can't understand why it's so heavy because the top is sleeveless and the dress part is pretty sheer. the dress is about 2" pass my feet which i wouldn't mind having it hemmed, but the	Dresses
I am floored by the amount of positive reviews on this dress! when i received it, it looked nothing like it does on the model. the bottom looked like dirty sand and was completely wrinkled. if you have anything above a c cup, the top looks completely unflattering. i looked so top heavy in this dress! definitely not worth the price. so disappointed.	Dresses
Adorable, comfortable dress. the denim is super soft with a bit of stretch. please be advised this dress runs very large, especially through the hips. i normally wear a size 12 and the large was swimming on me. i will definitely be exchanging it for a smaller size.	Dresses
This didn't work for me. im normally a m (8/10). got this in xs. that was the correct size for me, i believe. however, the armholes were huge. husband said the top of the dress looked like the autobots symbol from transformers and he wanted me to keep it. but, i sent it back.	Dresses
I am long waisted and 5' 120 lbs. 34c. that being said, i purchased a size s regular and it fit perfectly. a petite would have been far too short. so i would recommend a regular size if you're a petite. also i have a big chest and this was very flattering. because of my chest size i usually do best with a v neck, but this classic peter pan collar looks great! i purchased the black. i agree with one of the reviewers who said that the nude color looked like a mess of a weave. the black and white o	Knits
I just received this in the mail today. first of all there was no slip included and the fabric is totally sheer. the description says "viscose lining" so i assume there was a slip and from the picture it looks like it was a beige color. second of all, it was obviously sent from a store where they lost the slip and it was squished into the smallest possible retailer envelope. the fabric is beautiful but the dress is humongous like the previous reviewers said. i ordered a size smaller than us	Dresses
I saw this dress in the window at the portland store, and had to try it on. i was a bit horrified at how huge it was once i got it on--sort of like wearing a tent. no shape at all. one of the awesome dressing room attendants brought me a belt, and suddenly it was the most beautiful dress i've ever had on. it's romantic, elegant, feminine... the fabric is so lovely and the flowy sleeves with the lower scooped back just look fantastic. i can't say enough about how amazing it makes me feel. i wore	Dresses
This dress is light, airy easy and comfortable to wear. i love the colors and pattern. it looks wonderful with or without a belt. i sized down from a 6 to a 4. i position the front of the dress material closer to the neck so it flows longer at the back. although i am a size 6 the under slip fits perfectly in a size 4. i prefer the dress without a belt but it also looks good with a belt or a jacket or long cardigan. this dress is a keeper!	Dresses
Ladies this top shrinks!!! i am very disappointed, i was in love with this top and the first time i washed it it shrunk a significant amount. i did not use a dryer, i laid this piece out to dry as i do with the majority of my knit tops and it shrunk. it is a lot shorter and much tighter, especially in my arms. if you love this top i might suggest buying a size up and washing it to fit.	Knits
I bought this in black. it's a great long length. i have long arms so the sleeve length is great. it's really soft. only issue is seems to sag a little in the middle instead of being flowy. overall a good tunic.	Knits
I love this top! the sizing was great, and i have already worn it so many times, and received so many compliments! it is great to dress up or down! such a great purchase!	Knits
Purchased in the blue. the color is a little darker than it shows. more of a slate blue. loved the fit. i am tall so it covered perfectly.	Knits
Very slimming, lovely dress.a nice addition to your fall/ winter wardrobe.the embroidery is lovely, fabric soft and comfortable. sized perfectly. so happy with this beautiful black dress!!!	Dresses
New fav lbd. i am 5 months postpartum and this dress makes me feel like my old self again. it fits right above the waist, with a bow to cinch the waist. love the fit and flare. the top is warm, great for a cold evening out. and the taffeta really dresses it up. love	Dresses
Again, bought this while wearing my retailer colored glasses. i loved the flowiness and color of the dark pink, and was convinced in the dressing room that this top made me look like a chic goddess, mid-vacation on the amalfi coast. i tried it on at home, and it straight up looked like i was wearing a maternity top. since i'm not with child, this one's going back!	Knits
I was on the fence about this jumpsuit at first. i feel the pockets in the back are a little high on my bum. kind of an unnatural placement. i sized up so it wasn't so tight fitting at the waist and hips so it made the placement of the back pockets a little better.	Dresses
Great for layering and staying warm in the winter. definitely stay on the larger size, the fabric has very little give but is comfortable.	Knits
This shirt is not a good look for a gal with hips. the fit at the top is tight (i ordered a small) but there is so much material at the bottom and if you are a little taller (i am 5'7), it hits at a place that is not flattering. i was hoping for something that hung straight down and would be good with leggings. this is not it...also the material is a little stiffer then i was expecting.	Knits
Way to v necked- other than that would be a nice go to top. needs a cami.	Knits
I tried this tunic on in my local retailer store. they do not carry petites, so i tried on a regular small (i'm 5'2", 130lb). the proportions were a bit off. the v-neck fell way too low and there was extra material puckering across the bodice. i definitely think a petite would work better for my height. alas, no petites in-store or online in the color(s) i would purchase. i didn't find the shirt too thin, as some have commented. it's essentially a midweight t-shirt material (but rayon, so beware o	Knits
Comfortable,t eh fabric is very soft. the embroidery adds a little to the otherwise plain black tunic. lace up neck on trend too. i ordered the xxs p, as it is likely loose... that was just fine for me, xs p would have been not as flattering. theo nly problem with that is the sleeves then became a little more snug (workout arms). not too snug that i can't wear the dress, but decided not to keep it only because there are way too many things i like at retailer! (and have to pick). in my wish lis	Dresses
I bought this in black and it did require me to wear a shirt underneath as it was a little sheer/see through. i usually wear an xs and i wore the same in this top. the black is very pretty and goes well with some skinny jeans.	Knits
After seeing this on anthto's facebook page i was so excited to order. i ended up going to a store and trying on. i couldn't believe it was the same shirts when i first saw it. i thought this ran quite big. and the shape was odd. lots of material in the middle. i am a mom of 3 young kids and didn't want people to think #4 was on the way.	Knits
I ordered the pink in size xl. the color was pretty. the problem is the material was too thin and tight. it ran at least a size smaller than shown in the photos online.	Knits
I was obsessed with this dress from the moment i saw it online and was so excited to buy it for my company christmas party. i'm 5'4", 36c, 145lbs and i ordered a 6. the size was great but the whole cut of the dress was completely off for me. i have a fairly short torso but the top portion of the dress (which is a sweater-like material) hit me far too low on my waist to be flattering; the petite may have fixed it, but then the skirt would've been too short. the pleats were cute but flared out too	Dresses
This tunic is very pretty in black. it is lighter weight than the picture appears and drapes nicely. i'm 5'2 so i ordered the petite, but would have been ok with the extra length of the regular for when worn with leggings, with jeans the petite length will work well. i recommend using the size chart provided. i general wear an xs, but ordered the s, based on the size chart, it's a perfect fit.	Knits
Cute cute. simple tank with a little something to add interest.	Knits
Beautiful top, loved the color but shoulders were totally messed up and not sure if it was fromhanging at store or the way it was sewn.	Knits
I ordered this in two colors, in my regular size. i washed and laid flat to dry....it shrunk like crazy. i held the one i washed up to the other unworn/unwashed one and it was at least two inches shorter. they may both be going back. i am so sad.	Knits
I purchased this top in blue and liked it so i ordered the red color. i hated the way the second one fit. i'm concerned the blue will not wear well after seeing the way the second one looked!	Knits
It is so simple but elegant and beautiful! i am 5'3 and 120 lb and extra small fits me perfectly	Dresses
I love this shirtdress. the lace and collar design pops off the black. super comfortable and love that it has pockets! a keeper, this one not going back ever. i am 5'9 and 140 lbs and the 6 fits perfect. the length comes above my knee, so most likely i will be wearing tights or skinny's underneath.	Dresses
Love this shirt with leggings. if you are in between sizes- size down	Knits
I am 5'4" 140 pounds and ordered the 8 petite. it fits perfectly and is very flattering. the embroidery and lace up neckline thing is really awesome. it gives the dress some character... i am also a fan of the roll-up sleeves. i wish it came in other colors because i would certainly order more than one. the one and only potentially negative aspect, and i say potential because i'm not sure if its an issue or not as i haven't worn/washed it yet is it appears to be something that i may have to iron	Dresses
I can understand the concerns of another reviewer about shrinkage. i have a few retailer tops made of similar fabric and they have shrunk a bit. this too fits very well, but once i wash it, it will likely get a bit smaller. i ordered a small, but plan to size up to a medium. for ref. 32ddd bust, and the small fit perfectly with a camo underneath...the shoulders seem to be cut small. so if you are busty like me, size up.	Knits
The lokka tunic is a perfect go-to top for casual days or nights! pair it with skinny jeans or leggings and you are set! the long sleeves are fitted and long-so they can be bunched at the wrist. i ordered it in both the black and the the pale grey/blue shade. it is a winner.	Knits
I got two of these when they went on sale because i hate paying $68 for a basic top like this.. but for the sale price they are great! comfortable, lightweight, and flattering. the black is a little sheer, but nothing a tank underneath can't solve. a good buy!	Knits
I bought this in my usual medium and it fits great (fitted at the shoulder, loose below). it looks great with skinny jeans and can be worn casually or dressed up with accessories.	Knits
Ordered this dress online and wasn't sure about the criss-cross neckline feature but i love it! it's absolutely adorable and unbelievably comfortable. the fabric is very soft and lays nicely without feeling too "baggy" or frumpy. the embroidery is beautiful. i'm wearing it to a fall event in october and pairing it with my favorite cowboy boots, but it would also look great with flats, heels or booties. totally in love with this dress!	Dresses
I was not shopping for a dress and somehow came home with this. in person the material and embroidery are just so stunning that i found myself picking it up. i was sold after trying it on. the material is very soft, both feels and looks extremely high quality. and for a basic shirtdress, it is amazingly flattering. follows curves without clinging to them. i'm 5'4", 123 lbs, usually wear a small in tops/dresses & purchased the size 4, which fit perfectly. i'm slightly chesty (34d) so sometimes ha	Dresses
Love this dress! it is super-flattering, and the embroidery is beautiful.	Dresses
Beautiful sweater but the material is a bit thinner than i was expecting. but it hangs nicely and the sleeves are nice and long!	Knits
Great style!	Knits
This top is great - lightweight and flattering.i can wear it to work with skinny white pants or to the grocery store with jeans. i purchased another color because i love the first i got so much.	Knits
Can be dressed up or down. the top part is tight, while the bottom has a beautiful skirt. i'm slightly busty and about 5'6" and the size 6 is perfect for me.	Dresses
Love this shirt! i bought the light blue color and its amazing, fits well i love that its long in the back. very comfortable and loose. thinking of buying it in both pinks.	Knits
Great material. a bit loose in the middle / lower half. doesn't belt well. it could be 3" shorter, considering alterations. i'm 5'7" the model is 5'10", so yeah 3" shorter would be cute!	Dresses
I bought this tunic in black and am seriously considering buying it in more colors. it is so comfortable and very flattering. i am 5'11", so many tunics are more like shirts on me, but this one is the perfect length to wear with leggings or pants. the v neck is a nice, feminine touch and i love the change in material around the edges.	Knits
This dress is most definitely not a maxi! barely goes below the knees. also you do not get the cute detail shown on bodice. there are no folds which were an added plus on picture. waist is higher, not at natural waist. very pretty silk though and still cute. just not as pictured.	Dresses
I just adore this top! it is so comfy and stylish. i wear it with a little purple cardigan and feel like an iris in bloom. like other reviewers have mentioned though, the straps are way too long. i had to cut them down and re-sew to make it wearable. before that it just slouched in front and looked sloppy and awful. i tried layering under it, which looked absurd.	Knits
I read the reviews prior to purchasing but loved the pattern so much i had to have it. i was not disappointed however, had i not read the reviews i would have been. it is true the top of the dress is flat and does not have the detail as shown on the model. it also appears to be disproportionate. i am 5'1 and curvy the bottom fits well but the top is large however rectified by wearing a padded bra. since i ordered the petite i was surprised the dress was above the ankle (usually their items are l	Dresses
Ditto what the first reviewer said, unfortunately. i was so looking forward to receiving this dress but the one received is not the one in the photos. the graphics are fantastic - still love the boats- but the top is not the same and they've added a fabric belt to the finished dress. the fit was perfect except for gapping under the arms (similar, i suspect, to what the first reviewer reported). i was also surprised by the fabric. based on the photos i was expecting something light and semi trans	Dresses
Got the small petite. length is perfect, love the color, super comfy, very pretty. the problem is that you cannot wear a bra because under the armpits is so low that either shows your bra (a lot) or if u wear sans bra you may show your breasts (it's loose all around on top, so very easy to show everything. if i adjust the straps it works but then the waist goes up and it looks like i have a belly. i'm taking to a seamstress to see if she can take in under armpits, if not it's going back. i'm 5',	Dresses
I loved the photo of this dress. upon examination of the dress (and trying it on) after receiving in the mail, the dress shown online is nothing like the dress i received save for the pattern. the dress i received has a side zip as well as a belt and no pleats on the top. the bottom is also cut straight across not as it appears in the photo. turns out it is not as flattering as it should appear.	Dresses
This is a perfect fit! i was worried that it would be too short and or boxy. i usually wear an xs. i have a slightly longer waist though and often xs tops run short or they are overwhelming! this was perfect! it is roomy and long enough without swallowing my frame. it looks nice enough to dress up and wear out and about. great value at the sale price as well!! it is well made and doesn't just look like a run of the mill pullover.	Knits
I was looking for a shirt of this style. i thought it was very cute, but it is not "red' as advertised. it is really a brick orange-y color, which is definitely not what i wanted. very disappointed. sent it right back.	Knits
This is one of those 'i need one in every color' kind of shirts. need - not simply want. it is very well constructed. the fabric is the perfect weight and is sooooooo comfortable. the raspberry is a little more dusty rose than pictured online, but it works. i've only had the shirt a couple of day. in addition to wanting to wear it every day, the fabric has not pilled. i'm short-waisted, and i have not had any issue with the high-low hem or cropped length.	Knits
This dress is so beautiful, the color is even more vibrant in person, a stunning emerald green. it is well made and doesn't go too low under your arm, which sometimes happens with halters. the halter material is a thicker band that gives nice support. the skirt does a little poof near your hips at the top, look at the back view photo online, you can see it there. at first i was surprised by it because i didn't see that on the front view, but then i decided it was fun and flirty. i received numer	Dresses
This top will be perfect for autumn and even winter down in the southeast. i purchased the "red" and hoped that it was more of a rust color-lucked in! the material is very soft and more on the thinner side for layering-which is alway a plus. i have spare tires in my belly area and this does not grab aholed of them,in fact the stripes do the work and disguise! and the lace up nautical feel brings the attention to my money maker! you won't be disappointed	Knits
I ordered this on a whim during retailer days sale and i'm glad i did. it's now one of those shirts that calls my name every morning. i've worn it with denim skinnies and a knee length black knit pencil skirt. so soft and flattering. i got it in the red, but am tempted by the blue!	Knits
Really loved this - so soft and snuggly. was unsure about ordering shirt size - (s) or jacket size for layering (m). ordered a small. fits perfect! definitely wouldn't have wanted the medium. 5'4, 135 lbs for reference. love this one!!! great find.	Knits
I ordered this dress for my daughter. she wore it to a wedding and it was beautiful. looks just as it does in photo. fabric is a nice weight and hangs great. my daughter had her hair done and look right out of an retailer catalog. well made true to size beautiful dress!!!!!!!	Dresses
I bought this tee in all 3 colors, and wish there were more! fabulous quality, material and style. can dress up or down; wear with jeans, pants or skirts. wear alone or layer. don't miss out on this addition to your wardrobe!	Knits
I loved this dress and it fit great on me: 5'7, 115 lbs, wore an xs. it was a little tighter than i wish, but the s would have been too loose. unfortunately, when i received the dress the arms were already pilling. it is made of a mix of polyester, and while it's machine washable (yay), i can imagine this dress would be pilling very easily, and i wish the fabric was a higher quality for the price, so i returned it.	Dresses
I'm in love, i'm in love.this dress was gifted to me, because i was gawking at it so often. i love it!!! i am petite, 5'3" 118 pounds and i could do either the small or extra small. the small was a little more comfortable, because the extra small was a bit tight in the arms-but i went with the extra small anyway. in both cases the neckline showed a small amount of tasteful cleavage and i felt like a model with how many people complimented me on it. many people even took the extra step in compl	Dresses
The dress arrived with a few snags and the fabric already pilling. the fabric will only get worse with wear. return. cute concept; poor fabric quality.	Dresses
Very comfortable dress, with a gorgeous pattern. it comes with a self liner in navy that is very smoothing - i was worried a figure hugging sweater knit would be unflattering. cut is perfect. i'm a size 10/12 on top and 12/14 on bottom, and the m was the best fit. the neckline is a deep scoop so if you are not busty it may come down too far for comfort.	Dresses
I was so excited when this dress went on sale. it is very soft and the print is so distinctive. it is super comfy but not slimming or flattering at all. i am a curvy girl, wear a medium 8/10 and this made me look so wide! the skirt is quit full, a small would have fit but the top was tight. so disappointing.	Dresses
Another great dress by retailer. i've worn it with tall boots with heels, riding boots and booties...all look really good. i've also added a cream/beige cardigan and even a fuzzy/furry vest. very versatile. the only few things that i would have liked even more is that design of the dress be actual stitching and not just a flat print and also the material does shrink a tat when you wash it. it's a staple and keeper.	Dresses
This is an absolutely gorgeous dress that stands out everywhere i go. it runs true to size and has a slimming effect because of the detail running down the sides.	Dresses
First, i've been in love with this dress for months. when it went on sale i absolutely had to have it! i'm 5'4" and 150 pounds and typically wear large stuff from retailer but after reading other reviews i decided to get the medium. it's more generous than i expected and wonder if i could've even gone with a small. i might try a belt. either way i'm very very happy with the dress. the sleeves are not too long - and i didn't get the petite because i wanted the length in the skirt. the lining makes	Dresses
Omg - wish it came in more colors,,	Knits
This dress has a beautiful fit; eyed it for awhile--snatched it up at the dress sale! only drawback was the edging around the neck; on some, the cream-patterned fabric was used and it was distracting. hunted around at stores, but ended up getting lucky with online purchase.	Dresses
Very cheap looking material. looks cheap to cost $158.	Dresses
What a well-designed dress! the cut is a slight a-line without adding bulk and the pattern is very slimming. the lining makes this a pretty good option for cooler weather. the neck is pretty wide, as others have noted, but i find that a heavy cream colored scarf is a pretty good accent. it does run a little large. i'm 5'5"/130lbs and went with the xsp.	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store and ended up ordering it online during the dress sale. it is extremely flattering and really accentuates the waist. it is very comfortable, and made of a nice, soft fabric. i am a 34a and it just barely reveals a tiny bit of cleavage so i don't find the neckline too low. i plan to wear it with tights and booties. i am 5' 4" and the regular xs comes to a bit below my knees. going to enjoy wearing this lovely dress!	Dresses
The colors in this dress are much less vibrant in person. the scoop of the neckline is very wide and deep. i know others have posted that this is a great dress for work, but not in my workplace.	Dresses
Every year i'm excited when the weather gets cool enough for sweater dresses. i love this one, with the longer length, slimming fit and pattern placement, and cozy soft fabric. delightful, inspires reveries of castles and legends (yes i looked up what "eira" stands for and went with it). highly recommended. fit is generously tts.	Dresses
This sweater dress is lovely, quirky and comfortable. because i have broader shoulders, the neckline was perfect on me, although i probably will end up wearing a scarf to keep my neck warm! the dress skims in a very flattering way. at first i was dissapointed it wasn't more formfitting, but it drapes very nicely. (i usually wear a size four in dresses and chose the small in this dress which was best i think.) it has a built in slip that is a bit flimsy, so i will probably wear a long silk one th	Dresses
Cute and comfortable! i loved the colors and how soft the shirt is!	Knits
I really like the sundry brand. however. this is thin and to me out of character for an retailer tee. it look adorable in picture. however the coloring is way off. the navy is almost black it's so dark and the kaki stripe is a green. it's nothing like i had hoped it would be. fabric in very thin and more like a pajama top. so disappointed. it will go back. i do not make it a habit to bash a product. however with tax, shipping and 83.00 price tag. 103.11 is absolutely terrible.	Knits
This is a comfortable sweater dress, and the quality of the material seems good. the solid blue strip down the front makes it look very bland. i think it would need some dressing up with a necklace or scarf. i decided to pass.	Dresses
Super soft and comfortable. runs a little large. very cozy.	Knits
I love sweater knit dresses and this the first one i've owned with a flare style that works. pattern placement is gorgeously done and is very slimming in a non-obvious way. i think the fabric is soft and warm. i wish the scoop neckline was a tad bit higher from a modesty standpoint. you may want to size down if you're not busty. i am 5'3" and m petite was the perfect length on me. shout out to the reno distribution center for getting this amazing dress to me in 1.5 days?!?!?!!!	Dresses
This dress hung so nicely on my figure (small up top, bigger in the hips) that i couldn't pass it up. the lines are more flattering in person than in the photos. it might run a little small...i'm normally an extra small, but it was a little snug in the arms. however, the small was too big, so i would suggest sticking with your usual size. the saleslady said would stretch a little. i would have loved to try a petite, but the store didn't carry petite sizes. it will be my go-to holiday dress.	Dresses
I have broader shoulders and thick arms, this dress does an amazing job slimming my arms and not making me appear top heavy!i'm 5'4 125 lbs, the xs fit perfectly	Dresses
This tunic is very nice. flattering, good design, worn in winter and spring, and fits well. i have a curvy figure, and this fits well. i wish it came in more colors.it does show flaws slightly but fits well and is stretchy.	Knits
The top i received was large, really long in length, pockets in the front along the seam, and lots of volume in the back without any princess seams to give it shape. the id #'s matched, but that's about it. returned!	Knits
I love this dress. will be wearing it for the first time tomorrow. it fits well. the neck line is a bit low on me. i think it would look best on someone with more of a chest than i have. i will be wearing a winter white infinity scarf with it (as shown on model). i am 5' 6.5" and 120 lbs and the small is just right.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress but if you have any hips at all you may find it difficult to find the right size. i usually wear a 0-2 p and found that that the op was too snug on the bottom while the 2p was too loose on top. ( for reference 32-26-35). so if you are perfectly proportioned it could work for you.also, note that this is a pencil dress....very slim fitting.....probably best suited for a cocktail party.	Dresses
Love the feminine styling of a classic tunic tee! i'll wear it with black leggings this fall. super cute to wear casually or dress up a bit with some jewelry and/or a scarf.	Knits
This top is full of amazing details. the photos really don't do it justice. it is very flowy and does run large but is so pretty and soft and in beautiful shades of blue. i bought a small and it is fairly long in back on my 5'5" frame but because of the detailing...it just works.	Knits
Great fit even for busty women. ordered an 8 because i usually need the room in the chest area on dresses.(36d-dd) fit nicely without being tight. might have been able to size down but i didn't want to risk being too tight. flattering especially on curves. nice for contemporary office or special occasion. if you like his designs, you won't be disappointed!	Dresses
Love this top, purchased it in the coral color now i'm definitely wanting it in the blue since it is such a great blouse for transitioning into fall. the weight of the top it good since i live in south texas so definitely needing lightweight long sleeves for our weather. i'm sure when the time comes adding a long cardigan or blazer over it as needed for the cooler weather it will look great. fit true to size.	Knits
I just love this dress. took me ordering a number of sizes- petite and regular to find the best fit. i might still have the top altered. i received a lot of compliements. work it with some black leather wedges for daytime/work.	Dresses
Really cute and very comfortable. material is thin and sheer. i wear tanks under things anyway, but especially in pink, you would need to. but love the style.	Knits
I ordered this in a small petite and medium petite , and i am a huge fan of a*k. i put tried on the sp. while it fit, it was very long, even for a petite. what i hated about it was that the piping on the top made me look very wide. even a long necklace wouldn't help deter the look. on a positive side, the blue was a very nice, cool color. i am usually a small to medium in a*k (6-8 in tops) and the small fit well in the arms/bodice, just too much fabric for me. returning!	Knits
I have the blue color of this top and i love the color variation throughout. it looks very unique and it is going to be a great piece for late summer/early fall. the pleated look on the upper chest is very flattering and adds texture to the top. i am pleased with my purchase!	Knits
My perspective is as a sewer so i'm more picky perhaps. this top is poorly made. the fabric pattern is crooked or not consistent in each piece. sewers do this to save $ - squeezing the pieces on the fabric. it looks sloppy. the cut is very full; the bottom edge measures 104" around. for my figure, curvey, at 5'6" and 150lbs, this top is not flattering it looks maternity. perhaps best on a slim figure and with leggings.	Knits
I've been looking for some new, casual tops and ordered this one for the sky blue color. i'm a size 6 and the small fits great. i don't find the blowzy style overwhelming. i am small boned but i'm 5'8", not a petite. i like it with leggings and skinny jeans ...a nice proportion. however, i can see how this cut may be too much on someone with a smaller frame. i really like it, however i see two drawbacks: the material is a bit thin for fall and it wrinkles very easily (not good for travel). this	Knits
I got the pink version to layer with spring clothes. i always wear a medium, but sized down to a small based on the other review. the seams are very flattering. the material is very soft. on sale, the price is reasonable.	Knits
I love this tee but there is a lot of swing/ fabric so it can tend to make you look wide. also, i have a short torso to begin with but this tee is on the short side. i'm still undecided on whether i'm going to keep it b/c it's rayon/ poly and it's hand wash only. and i'm worried that one wash will make it shrink in length and it's already short. rayon knits have a tendency to shrink in length when washed so beware!	Knits
This top reminded me of a maternity top. cute, but better suited for someone smaller chested.	Knits
I love this shirt so much i am ordering the coral too! the weight of the material makes it hang nicely. there is a lot of material but it lends itself to the flowy style. i got many compliments of this top!	Knits
I love byron lars. very taken with his fabrics and design concepts and i have ordered several of his dresses but i believe i need to surrender to the fact that they do not work for my body type. the dress is gorgeous in person: all the fabrics are great, the dress is fully lined and lots of nice finishing touches. it is a unique and very striking dress; this one i really wanted. however, it is designed for a woman who is proportionally longer, leaner with a larger bust size than i have. i ordere	Dresses
Okay this shirt is soooo comf. it is super fun and flowy. but it runs large. get one size smaller than you would usually get! so worth the sale price!!!	Knits
Cute and comfy shirt! tts- got my usual m (i'm a 10) and it has a generous fit but i think it's supposed to. it's actually a silver grey color.	Knits
I would highly recommend this top. i usually wear a small petite. but returned the top for an xs petite which fit perfectly. there is a lot of fabric, but if you size down it wasn't an issue for me. i weigh 120lbs and am 5 feet tall. also, i'm busty, 34 d. which worried me with this type of top. not a problem. i will wear a blazer or leather short jacket with this. i am very picky and i was happy with the quality. the fabric is not heavy. it's a fantastic purchase!	Knits
I loved this but hesitated to order since i'm petite and busty and assumed it would be an awful mess in the chest area (too tight, gaping etc) but it is great!!! it fits perfectly! there is plenty of room in the chest and the dress is not too long! i ordered a pm and its wonderful. the dress is not see through at all. love it!!!!!	Dresses
Beautiful dress but have to return. way too big & long for me. medium is the size i wear but i think i would need an extra small.	Dresses
I'm 5'2 around 125 lbs, muscular and petite, so i ordered a petite small and it fits great. the length is perfect, i can wear with heels or dress down with flops. it's lined, which i think most dresses and skirts should be, so i was happy about that. i was pleasantly surprised with the slits up both sides, to show a little leg....sexy. it's not too low cut that you have to wear a cami and ruin the neckline, so that's plus. my only issue was the fabric didn't line up on me the same as the model,	Dresses
As soon as i saw this dress, i knew i had to have it. i just tried it on and it is beautiful. i feel gorgeous and glamorous! i can't wait to wear this to a special event as it truly deserves that attention.the silk is soft and the slip underneath is perfect. the tie in the back perfectly cinches the dress and the pleating is a wonderful detail to the look.i am 5'0", 110, and i purchased the small petite. it's slightly big around the armholes and it kind of poofs / puckers out so i'm going to	Dresses
I live in south florida so i'm always looking for sundresses that will be flattering (but not too clingy or hot), and that i can take from day to evening with accessories. when i pulled this out of the box and walked around in it, it met all my criteria, and as an added bonus, my husband said, "wow! you look great! where'd you get that dress?" i'm shocked because as an earlier reviewer said, this dress doesn't seem like much - it's not even lined. but it's comfy, flattering (in all the right pla	Dresses
I agree, this dress runs long, but since i love high heels, it falls just right for me. it does seem quite roomy for a medium, which is a pleasant surprise. the fabric, drape and quality are contemporary but i know i'll be wearing this beyond this year for sure.	Dresses
Pretty pink top is great for layering iand alone in the summer and spring	Knits
I saw this dress on line and knew i wanted it for the spring/summer season. i ordered it almost immediately and i am so glad i did. the photo on the website doesn't do it justice, there are a lot of pretty pastel colors in the paisley pattern that you just can't see on the computer screen. the wrap styling is a very flattering cut for most figures especially hourglass figures like mine and the dress fit's tts (for reference i am 5'9" and a 36ddd). the silk material is very light and flowy and wi	Dresses
I order this shirt because it looked like a shirt you could dress up or down. when i got it the shirt was really wrinkled. therefore, i knew it would have to ironed a lot. it was quite boxy and was shorter in the front then in the back. i didn't realize that this shirt was two different fabrics. overall i think this shirt would be more flattering on a woman that was petite.	Knits
Top is very wide and flowy. i am petite with large chest so it hung from widest point and was not flattering. would be very cute with the right body shape.	Knits
I haven't worn a halter dress in ages and saw this one and wanted to get it, hoping that it'll fit me. i love the swing skirt and the halter. this dress can be easily dressed up or down depending on your mood. there is a side zipper. i got s p and it hits me exactly like the dress on the model. it is unlined but with the color of the dress, i don't mind it.	Dresses
I agree with the other review that the dress runs big and long, but i love it! it's very flattering and i have super high wedges that work great with it. i don't think it runs "super big" but it's slightly big. definitely size down if small busted. i wore it out and got a ton of compliments. it's classy, different and hot!	Dresses
There is no way this is worth the price. i was deeply disappointed when it arrived. the material is thin and feels cheap. i love the design, and anna sui, but this is just so overpriced.	Dresses
Oh yes. another sequin top to add to my collection. it is sparkly without being glittery- if you know what i mean. can definitely dress down as it is tee shirt- like. lots of options for this one. tts. much better in person than the online pics.	Knits
I loved the color and design of this dress but needed to return it because it fit so poorly. the arm holes are entirely too big -- so big that alternations couldn't fix it. maybe it's because i am petite but i think it may be a design flaw.	Dresses
Got the black but the orange it very pretty too the black fabric has a sheen to it; almost like snakeskin. as other reviewers have mentioned, it does run small and the armholes are cut in a bit. overall it is a more interesting than a basic lbd.	Dresses
Was so excited for this top! loved the embroidered detail and the teal green color. i got it in a medium and it was swimming on me. it also had a maternity type feel since there is a lot more material (making it look blousy) than showing on the model (they must have pinned it back in the stock photo).sadly, it's going back.	Knits
I was so impressed with the style & boning on the sides for the perfect fit! it's truly a classic staple in your closet for that lbd!!	Dresses
I was surprised how soft and comfy the fabric is on this top. when i tried it on, i didn't want to take it off! it's a little bigger than i would like - i got a small, and am usually between xs and s. may have sized down if the top were available.but the fit and cut are flattering.	Knits
I love this little number. the quality is terrific, the weight is perfect, and the cut is superb. i love the way it fits and looks in the arms. i ordered my usual xxsp and it is perfect. i like that it is cool and flowy, without looking like maternity attire. i have the bright turquoise and i am going to order another. i was about to order what looks like a yellow one, but i noticed the color is labeled "chartreuse". can anyone tell me if this is more yellow or green in "real life"?	Knits
I totally love this tank! the yoke detailing is so pretty! i read the other reviews...i feel it fits pretty tts, it's what i expected. i have already worn it several times since it arrived in the mail. i love it so much, i'm ordering it in the turquoise color as well. every time i have worn it, i have received compliments. i've worn it alone with shorts and/or jeans, as well as with a cardigan and dress pants for work. it's soft, comfortable and to echo what another review stated, the material s	Knits
Gorgeous cobalt blue color!!! usually s/m- bought the small (because of larger armholes). so glad i snatched this one up on sale! the detail on the top is amazing.	Knits
This dress is attractive but it runs a little small. i'm a small curvy girl who usually wears a 2. this was small in the top and short waisted. i wanted to wear it to a recent event and didn't have time to return it for another size.	Dresses
Love this tank. it has an easy fit that hides my post baby belly with out looking to wide.	Knits
I so wanted to love this dress! the fabric is gorgeous the styling beautiful and the construction is great - however, the armholes are cut too generously. i am 5'4", 138 pounds and 36d. i ordered the black in a size 10. it fit me perfectly everywhere but the armholes. even with an undergarment, too much is exposed. i am sadly returning this.	Dresses
First of all, the label on this dress is maeve, not nue by shani. second, i just wasn't impressed. the fabric is cool...it has a sort of embossed look to it and it's somewhat shiny, which sets it apart in a good way. but the cut is just boring. the top felt dowdy to me...overall, i was underwhelmed by this dress and returned it.	Dresses
I was really wanting a nice white summer blouse to pair with patterned skirts. unfortunately, this fell short as it was huge. not only was it big, it flared at the bottom. it would be perfect if i was sporting a baby bump, but not what i am going for right now. if the tank was a bit slimmer i would have kept it as a tunic.i'm sad that i'll have to return it.	Knits
I love this top!! the detail on front top of the top is so cute. the length is just right. i hesitated because of the unusual armhole shape but they are really not an issue. also, thanks for finding the top as it wasn't available at distribution center, went of your way!!	Knits
I just purchased this tank in white and blue. i find it to be soft and will be perfect for hot days but also can wear into the fall with a cardigan. it's super comfy but i do find at retailer that it's best to try things on in the store (it's hard to find perfect sizes online since things are cut so differently based on the designer). i got a large and though it's a bit flowy in the tummy area, it fits nicely across my chest (not tight).	Knits
Great lightweight summer top that's bra friendly. i bought the teal color yesterday and wore it today with white skinnies.  i'm sometimes a small and sometimes a medium and was fine with the small on this one	Knits
I love love this top. i was on the fence about it since it runs large and is loose fitting, very loose. i tried m, l, and xl. i usually wear xl but bought an l in this. i tried m, it was loose around the mid-section but fitted at the top. i wore them with fitted skinny pants and the top looks amazing. perfect for summer. the armholes also look flattering - not too big. i like turquoise. i didn't find yellow in the store, so bought green and white. it does need some ironing.	Knits
I fell in love with this dress the instant i saw it. but was disappointed when i received it. first was the color. i chose the green and it wasn't what i thought. it was a very unnatural shade of artificial grass. when my husband saw it in the package he thought i had ordered a cheap grass hula skirt. the color was that bad. the fit was the next problem. this dress would have fit nicely if they had just added a side zip and made the top more fitted. the top was loose and that added to the flowy	Dresses
Runs large in arm holes. have to wear bandeau. love this print and flow of dress. loose but still flattering due to arms and shoulders . love the overall look. midi length for this 5'6.5" gal. size s worked best -36c-125lbs	Dresses
Like other reviewers, i'm glad i sized down. this is a cute tunic that is definitely great quality, lightweight chambray. i love that it has pockets, but they do puff a bit at my hips.	Dresses
This dress looks better in person. nice navy with subtle pattern - looks super cute with a really lightweat pale yellow sweater! i thought that wiastband area would hit in a funky spot (my problem area) but it doesnt and looks great. super comfortable and i love this neckline. also has a decent lining so no bra necessary if youre cool with that. i have packed on some "after 50" lbs and wear a 12-14 shirt and 10-12 pant and the large is roomy enough.i received a number of compliments and let's fa	Dresses
I received this dress as a gift and it has become such a great addition to my wardrobe! i love that i can wear it to work and then out with friends. a great value if you're looking for one special piece that you can get miles out of - you can wear the two pieces separate or together. i love floral and felt this non traditional take on a floral was very refreshing.	Dresses
This is such a pretty dress. light and flowy. i got it to wear on hot summer days.	Dresses
This dress was pretty but had a weird fit. the waist droops down in the middle instead of going straight across, which i found unflattering. i ended up returning it.	Dresses
I was unsure about this dress when i first tried it on. the color is gorgeous, it is flowy and beautiful. it hits just below the knee (i am tall), which is something i am not used to. i hadn't decided on it, but my husband loves it and that's all that matters! it is very feminine and pretty. i normally wear a 0, but ordered a 00- it fits just slightly loose, which is the style this dress is going for.	Dresses
Was so thrilled to receive my dress in the mail. its just what i was looking for, for my staple summer dress. i love how i can wear it with or without the sweater top, and even can pair just the sweater top with my high-waisted shorts!	Dresses
I really wanted to like his dress, but it was a big miss. big big miss. look at the way the skirt is attached to the dress in the photo. it goes up high on the sides leaving a short bodice. the sequined patterns hit right at my breasts, so it looked like glittery bra cups on the front. the back glittery pattern looked like bird wings on my back. it was far shorter than i expected. overall, it looked like i was desperately trying to be a sexy angel or fairy. bad bad bad.	Dresses
The dress is cute, but i'm somewhat concerned that it will be sheer in the sunlight. i guess we'll have to wait and see!	Dresses
This is a lovely piece, with great shape and details. i think it would really stand out at events. i ended up returning it. i don't have much occasion for cocktail dresses. i had trouble sending it back. it has a slip with the sheer overlay. the slip seemed a bit tight at the bottom hem for the shape of the dress.	Dresses
This was so unflattering. the bust was too high so it hit me weird on the boobs. the green was a beautiful, vibrant color but the fabric is so delicate that one wrong move would cause a snag.	Dresses
I opened the package and the dress is two pieces. it is the skirt part with an orange cami top that the sweater goes over. the sweater was too short for me, as i am busty and would not work. i ordered my normal size and the band around the rib cage did not go from side to side so i didn't try it on.	Dresses
I am 5'-7" and 135 lbs, i bought a medium petite as i wanted the dress to hit at my knees, instead of midi. this dress is easily 2 sizes bigger than expected. the pattern was not flattering on my although i'm sure it would be for others. i was happy with the length...	Dresses
This is one of those dresses that is just "nice" and can be one that you go to in a pinch.... it flows very nicely and you can dress it up and down. it's not the best quality in fabric...but if it was all silk you would have paid 3xs. i like it, it fits well...it's not outstanding or unusual. i think it is a bit pricey for what you get...but, it's a "work horse" dress...it will do you right whenever you need it to!	Dresses
I was worried at first that the metal leaves would come off easily. i was pleasantly surprised after a day at disneyland, i don't think i lost even one of them. this dress is super fancy but very comfy.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress. i bought it for a photoshoot that will be outdoors, and thought that the green color would be perfect. it is well made, but the fabric is lighter than expected. the biggest issues was the size. i am 5'7" and typically a size ten. i ordered the ten and it fit like a 14-16. it was huge. if you order this, i would say size down two sizes.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and would make an excellent party dress for winter. it is well made and the details are pretty. however the waist is cut in sort of a scallop shape, so it is higher on the sizes and dips down in the middle over the stomach. i wear a size l or 10 in dresses at retailer, and it just did not flatter my body type at all. for a thinner, narrow silhouette, i suppose it would look better, like it does on the model. i had to return it.	Dresses
I tried this on in the store last night and decided to order it today. it is a really beautifully made and flattering dress, with very interestingly cut seams. the fabric is a distinctive flower pattern that has been overlaid to appear almost abstract. gorgeous and high quality!fit: i am 5'6" and curvy, usually a size 14/16, and the xl fits quite roomy on me (that's the size i ordered because i like flowy things). so it definitely runs large. usually i have better luck with a-line dress shap	Dresses
I bought this dress for its green color and flowy design to wear at an irish fest held in the hot summer. it's perfect! being of irish descent with red hair and fair skin, i love all shades of green, and this green dress is no exception. the color is lovely and eye-catching and cool. as to the sizing, i usually wear a size 8, but to make sure due to the design, i ordered an 8 and a 6. there wasn't a great difference between the two dresses, but the size 6 top was a bit more fitted and looked bet	Dresses
I purchased this in the mauve color. beautiful color with tan skin for the summer, but also perfect for fall. the material is very thin but not sheer at all. has quite a bit of drape/swing to it so i sized up to make sure it was long enough. it fits me like it fits the model shown here. i am about 5'4" 115lbs and 32b and am keeping the small.	Knits
I originally ordered this in green, and unlike another reviewer, i thought the color was perfect for spring. it is trendy, flattering and fun in green, but perhaps not a color i would wear long-term, so i decided to return it and order it in red and black. i also noted the boxy cut, and if that is what you want, it runs true to size. however, if, like me, you want something a little more form fitting, consider ordering down a size or two (depending on your chest size,) and just carefully shimmy	Dresses
Beautiful dress. good quality. tts. i'm 5 feet 120 lbs. ordered my small petite. no issues. however, the green is very bright. the deal killer for me was when my hub said it looked like a starbucks barista's apron! it's going back. i marked yes if you plan on purchasing a black dress it's a yes.	Dresses
I tried this on in the store - i tried regular medium which was way too big except in the chest where it was really tight. the material was a little itchy on me (but maybe its because the chest was tight). the color is lovely (pink). im sure someone will love it but if you are petite, i would order the petite and maybe size up if you are busty.	Dresses
I love this dress, i disagree with the review saying it was too sheer. this is a thicker material and doesnt need a slip, it is beautiful and is so comfy. it looks good with heels or sandals. i definately recommend this dress, it would look good on any body type.	Dresses
I'm 5"0" and weigh 105 lbs. i purchased the xxs and it was super-wide, and big all over. it looked like a pregnancy top and did not lay as nicely as shown on the model. also, not shown on the model is the front is short and the back is very long. this would work better on a taller person. i just find it odd that a xxs is still too big. the quality of the fabric and the print is good and the lace-up in the back is cute.	Knits
After reading the reviews, i ordered this dress in an xs and sp. i'm 5' 3" and 120 lbs. the xs was too long and too big on the bottom while being too tight in the chest. the sp fits perfectly. i'm wearing this to a wedding and know that i will get lots of use out of it for many different occasions.	Dresses
I always look for things to hide "parts" without making my "parts" look even more pronounced. this top is much cuter in person than online. it has floral edging around the neck and lace up area i didn't notice. the length is perfect, the sleeve length is perfect and it makes me feel thin (even though it has stripes!). perfect spring summer top.	Knits
Fit is true to size but keep in mind this dress has a "box-like" fit. i am debating whether to have mine taken in a little under the arms.the material isn't what i expected but i still love it. the dress has a more textured/thick fabric instead of the light, somewhat silky fabric that the photo portrays.i am very happy with the color!	Dresses
It looks great on the model but not on me. on me, it looked more like a sack of potatoes. the fabric is unexpected for the style in my opinion. it is very thick. i'll be returning it because it is not flattering on me.	Dresses
This dress looked gorgeous in the monthly catalog. ordered in hopes to wear in easter. i felt it was frumpy and just ok. color was pretty but overall; i didn't love it like i hoped to.	Dresses
If there ever was the perfect feminine dress, this would be it .	Dresses
I usually wear a size xs or s in retailer tops, ordered this top in an s and it was so wide on the sides and huge it fit like a tent. not even remotely flattering. i thought about ordering it in an xs, however, i could tell the xs was still going to have way too much fabric. back it goes.	Knits
I bought the dress in black. it is very elegant with a fun flare, suits my taste. it does run a size too small like other reviewer mentioned. the material has no give at all. i couldn't breathe in my regular size. one size up fits like a glove. it is a perfect party dress to show your free and fun spirit!	Dresses
I love this dress!! it has a beautiful european flair, and more beautiful in person. i don't agree with the other reviewers that its see through-the fabric is a good quality, and thicker than you would think. the variable length is the best part of the dress. the color looks beautiful with a tan summer glow!	Dresses
Perfect party dress - well constructed, bra hidden at arms and on top, what more can you ask for? i felt like betty draper the moment i put it on. i'm normally a 6, but the 4 (while fitted) looked amazing and didn't pull.	Dresses
I love this shirt! it hides my tummy perfectly without being too baggy! super cute!!	Knits
I bought the tangerine version of this dress for my brother's summer wedding in the south, and i can't wait to wear it. cotton material has a touch almost like linen, but not rough. nice and hearty fabric. tangerine color is beautiful, more salmon than coral. wearing it with a little shoulder shrug and the laika inca shoes?the shoes aren't on the retailer site anymore, but i found them at my local store. just perfect.	Dresses
This dress is great! it fits true to size and the pockets are very unnoticable!my only note is that the first picture of the dress show the dress to be a bit darker than the actual dress. the dress colour more closely resembles that of the other two photos.	Dresses
I'm very pale, and on me the rose color looked really washed out. the catalog photo is not an accurate representation. look at the product shot for a truer representation. it's slightly see-through and was too close to the color of my skin. i think it would look delicious on someone who has darker skin, though.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in the blood orange and have a few complaints. while it appears to be made with quality, it runs really large. also, in the picture the fabric appears to have a sheen and be somewhat dressy. the actual fabric is just flat cotton. it's a very casual dress, not as dressy as pictured. it's also quite shapeless on. i'm returning it.	Dresses
This is my favorite dress i have ever purchased. as a 6' tall woman, it's hard to find flattering dresses that are long enough for my legs. this dress is classic, comfortable, and truly flattering. i love the blush color and did not have the issues that other people listed for the color being see-through. i can't get enough of this style...i'll be buying it in black too...ooopss :)	Dresses
This dress was not what i had hoped! from the online pictures, i had high hopes, but the fit was really wonky and the material seemed cheap. the arm holes were too big and made the dress seem more like a bathing suit cover up than a classy summer dress. needless to say, it's going back!	Dresses
The rose color is lighter than the photo of the model in front of the pink building, but on the other photos it does look lighter so i wasn't surprised. my dress fits very nicely. i love the drop waist, the loose fit at the hips, and the flare of the ruffles. the back is just like the model too. i thought it may be boxy but it comes in at the waist and goes a-line. perfect. i ordered the xl because it wanted it to be loose like on the model. i was afraid because of my large dd chest it would	Dresses
Love this top. bought it in both color ways. just adorable and washes well. great option for larger ladies. retailer needs to provide more xls to be available in the stores. i shop at the pasadena store and see so many women my size shopping right next to me, and there is nothing for us. it is so sad that we want to spend our money with you, but you don't want it.	Knits
Like the extra details on the neck and back - and it's versatile to wear everywhere	Knits
This dress is a bit scratchy, but overall i liked the fabric well enough. on someone blond and fair, the peach color washes out a bit. the issue for me with the dress is that front is just too short for my height (i'm 5 9 1/2). it looked a bit obscene. the small otherwise fit me great. i have broad shoulders, small chest and and slim.	Dresses
I love swing tops. the more swingy, the better! this top is so fun. its a little hard to tell online, but its made of two fabrics. most of the fabric is a thin t-shirt material, and then theres a panel on one side thats more of a silky fabric. its so so cool! the colors are just as they appear online, and the print is fun and edgy. i have larger arms, so i love the length of the sleeves. the other reviewer said it was cropped, but i did not have that experience. in fact i was able to wear mine w	Knits
I really wanted to love this dress. two lovely associates paired it with the desideria bib necklace and the black dakota cardigan, which gives the outfit definition and elegance. but the dress by itself would have needed altering to fit my 34-b top. i chose size m because of the length-- the small was 1 1/2 " shorter in front (i am 5'8") in the end, i realized i would probably choose my other favorites from my closet. but it will be stunning on the right person.	Dresses
I love this dress - originally ordered the medium, which is my normal size, especially because i am tall. the arm holes were gaping, and so i returned for the small. the small is perfect. it fits exactly as on the model, and i didn't have a problem with the color being see-through. it really is so unique but so simple. the color is perfect. i took a single star off because it is not lined - for the price, this would have been nice.	Dresses
Cute white t-shirt different style but didn't work on my body type so i returned it  good price point  basic fabric	Knits
I've been on the hunt for the perfect dress to wear for my daughter's first birthday party. since we are throwing a traditional korean first birthday, i was looking for a dress you might wear to a daytime wedding or a fancy brunch. i just purchased this dress today in the store and it fits my needs perfectly. i disagree with the first reviewer who mentioned that this dress was too sheer. this dress is a thicker fabric so i do not think i will need a slip when wearing it. it does drape nicely	Dresses
I absolutely love this shirt! even though it has a large flowy design it looks wonderful. the print is so unique and will transition to autumn beautifully! i loved it so much i got both colors.	Knits
I would describe the color as more blush. the fabric does not have a sheen as in the model picture. the fit is much cuter on than hanging. i'm a 36c and the extra small is just a bit tight in the bust, otherwise i like the fit everywhere else. i'm going to order a small and see how it fits. at 5' 3" it's also longer on me than on the model but not a deal breaker. looks kind of 1920's vintage on. my fabric is not see through it's more of a twill fabric but not quite as heavy as that.	Dresses
I agree with the other reviewer that the color isn't as pink in person and more subtle. my thoughts below on some other things:__________pros:- pockets! makes it so fun and chic with the overall style.- the material is lovely and breathable. i didn't find it sheer at all! of course, i didn't wear it outside the dressing room. the material is thicker but it hangs on the body well.- runs "mostly" tts. i only tried on the medium and it fit everywhere being slightly tighter in the chest. i	Dresses
This shirt is so very pretty in person. the detail on the neckline and the lace up on the back are so cute and give the shirt just a bit of whimsy, making it more unique than your usual flowy t-shirt. it lays perfectly and the material is very soft and comfy. you can wear it casual or dress it up. i may get another one because this is the kind of shirt i will wear constantly!	Knits
I fell in love with this dress from the moment i saw it in store. i tried it on immediately and knew i had to have it. it fits a little big -- definitely size down. but other than that, i have never felt more beautiful than when i wear this. the color is a perfect blush pink and the drop waist/tiered skirt make you feel downright bridal when wearing it, despite it being the perfect fabric for day. i find that this dress is perfect for those days at work when i have an event later.. it can be dre	Dresses
....that's what i look like wearing this dress. a sad, sad, sack. the fabric is less than ideal, and there is no shape to speak of. i love that it has pockets but that's about it. there was just way too much fabric for a petite person. this dress has got to be good on someone, sadly that person was not me.	Dresses
I loved this top so much i bought it in both colors. size down because it run very large, but it is nice and flowy. i'm 5'11" and slim and the top hung nicely on me.	Knits
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it in the catalog and ordered it immediately. i was a bit disappointed that the dress is a little lighter than the pink showed in the catalog but it didn't deter my liking it because it's still a lovely shade of pink. the fabric takes a bit getting used to though - i thought it would be silkier but it's really a thicker fabric. i ordered a size small and i usually wear size 4. the dress drowned me. so i returned it for an xs, which fit me beautifully. so	Dresses
This is such an adorable tee. the stripes and lace up details are super cute and on trend. i usually take a xxs and that is what i took in this tee. i tried the xs and at 5"1 and 104 pounds it looked a bit loose and long on me. love this tee and highly recommend this one!	Knits
This shirt runs large, so order down a size. it is comfortable, cute and great for transitioning from summer into fall. adding jewelry really dresses this top up. can't wait to layer it with kimono, vest, pashminas or wraps. great with sandals or boots. glad i bought both colors. it looks much better on, than in the photo/on hanger. great purchase and can't wait to wear!	Knits
Love this white shirt! it fits great and gives you a little breathing room around the waist. this goes with shorts, skirts, and jeans. i will be wearing it all summer	Knits
I loved this dress on. the material was quite different than expected, almost a canvas-y feel to it. ran a little large, but so cute.	Dresses
Super cute poncho to add to my wardrobe. love the grey color and the material is super soft. glad i snagged this up for less than $30!	Knits
This sweater is a perfect transition piece! the material is really soft. while it has the shape of a poncho it is cut nicely and doesn't make you look like a big blob.	Knits
Really wanted to love dress but something was off with fit. fabric is lovely and zipper detail nice unfortunately style was not for me.	Dresses
This a lovely piece. you have to see it close up to appreciate the subtle details. i typically wear xxsp or xsp, so i did not expect this to fit, but decided to try it because i liked the style. as a petite, many poncho styles overwhelm me and look like tents. not this one. the xxs fit nicely - just the right length and width. i am 5'1" and 108 lbs. i think one of the reasons this has not been popular is because it only shows up when searching on ponchos, and not when you search for sweaters. it	Knits
This is probably a blouse for curvy women. with that i mean large breasted. i am a 40d and the xl fits well and the cleavage is in the limit of ok for the office. the bottom is a little too large but not too long. however, the fabric feels extremely comfortable and it stretches but it doesn't lose the shape. i am tempted to buy 2 more. if you are thin, you probably need to size down.	Knits
This tee is super soft and thin. perfect for hot humid days. i went with the neutral version and it is adorable with chino shorts or jean shorts. i found it ran big.. i purchased in xs and still pretty baggy.	Knits
Beautiful dress! excellent detail! loved everything about this dress except for the weight. this dress is very heavy which limits my wearing options in fl. given the fabric, this is a great special occasion dress.	Dresses
I'm so incredibly disappointed. the dress is beautiful but the one i received is torn and has multiple strands of beads missing. poor quality control.	Dresses
Another shirt i really wanted to love. i adore green but so few tops are made in this color. (please make more!!) however, this shirt didn't work for me. i think it's a matter of where your curves live. the shirt was true to size, but my boobs meant i was showing more cleavage than the model, and the top part felt more like a bib than embroidery. sad coz it is lovely and feels lovely on. probably a great shirt for different body types. would love to see more green clothing....	Knits
I wanted to love this dress, and thought it would be perfect for a barn wedding i have coming up. it was allllllmost right but sadly fell short. the bib that hangs over the bust hits in a really unflattering mid point that makes you look wide. nipple tassels effect. plus i would feel the urge to keep pulling it down. did notice some of the puckering others mentioned but didn't bother me, however, the way the lining and the dress line up at the bottom did. so close, so sad	Dresses
I ordered the grey/yellow "here comes the sun" shirt. it's cute, but it runs quite large and isn't special enough for the price. meh.	Knits
This dress has special written all over it. the poms at the hem and bodice, as well as the rows of black seed beads push are the kind of details that stand out. i like all the varying textures. it looks great with sandals or short boots. fits true to size. a nice sassy length.	Dresses
I ordered the light pink version in size xl. the details of the top and the shade of pink are pretty. but, the shirt fits me much shorter than on the model. i'm not quite 5 ft. 6 inches so it should have worked. the material is thin so i was able to stretch it out to give more length. it does look stretched-out now though. i washed it and it shrank a bit so i stretched it again. this is a top that i kept to wear under vests. the pretty colors and the softness of the material make it worth keepin	Knits
I found this dress at my local retailer must be a web order return i feel in love with it once i put it on its better in person that online but it does run a little tight in the chest area it was fine for me as i'm not big busted	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress as it would have been perfect for a wedding i have in october however, the fit was awful;. the dress was heavy with a funky liner. it also had these little black straps around the top of the arm/neck that looked out of place. it ran true to size but i have a large chest (32dd) and it was pretty fitted around the area but loose everywhere else. sadly, dress had to be returned.	Dresses
Love this soft sweatshirt. the peplum makes it a little different and the quality is great. go to piece for spring. loose fitting but true to size in shoulders.	Knits
I was so excited to get this dress. i need it for a wedding, and i thought i had hit the jackpot. the dress arrived with a small tear. the seams are puckered and badly seen. for an almost $300.00 dress, the quality is terrible. i expect better from retailer. i'm so disappointed.	Dresses
I really like this jacket. very comfortable, nice material. i like the weight of this jacket, i wore it alone but it will be cute with a t-shirt under it too.	Knits
Ordered this dress for a summer wedding. it is so cute! true to size, well made with a hint of tulle. super comfortable for moving and dancing. winner!	Dresses
I purchased this shirt in grey. i loved the color and the details, especially the lace on the shoulders. i just found the fit to be off for me. the style certainly calls for a relaxed fit but the small was loose in an unflattering way. had the xs been available i might have considered exchanging for an xs but the s was already a bit short on me. (strange because although i am not petite, i am fairly short wasted.) i also wasn't in love with the neckline. i will continue my search for a weekend-w	Knits
Very nice top, fits true to size, a little short buy looks nice with jeans or work pants	Knits
It's short and wide. not a good combo for anyone who isn't stick thin.	Knits
Love this t-shirt. the weight is great for the impending heat and humidity of summer. it looks positively fabulous for casual occasions with pilcro chinos in moss and fuchsia suede pumps.	Knits
I purchased the yellow and i am quite happy. it matches a lot of things that i already own. nice summer tee.	Knits
I bought the "here comes the sun" version of this shirt. i had to have it. i'm a cervical cancer survivor who is still dealing with some health issues. i recently attended a cancer survivor event where a women talked about her life with cancer. she said that you no longer counts the years of her life, instead she counts her sunny days. i was inspired to do the same. so, i love this shirt. i got it on sale, but it still could've been cheaper.	Knits
Love this tee! lightweight, airy and comfy. i think it fits true to size. so soft and summery. can't wait to wear it this summer!	Knits
This is much more a blouse than a "tee". the detailing is beautiful and the fabric on the back is a more stuff, starched cotton, not stretchy jersey. because of that i felt like this top ran small. i had to size up.	Knits
This runs way big. i would recommend sizing down at least one size. possibly 2.i got the design with divers. it's fun and light for summer. soft material and very comfy.	Knits
Wished this had worked for me! however, i prefer smaller armholes so my bra and skin (not so young anymore) don't show. the beige lining shows at the armholes as well. on the upside, it's very slimming even with the stiff petticoat. so cute! perfect length for me. another caveat -- if your back is not completely symmetrical, as mine isn't, the decorative back straps sit in a wonky position. i'm 98 lbs, 4' 10", and the oop was perfect but for the above objections.	Dresses
The retailer store by me only carried these in the petites, but i've learned to always snag a petite just to see because sometimes the petites fit just as well, if not better, depending on the length of the outfit!______________pros:- looks exactly the same in person as online. color runs true.- well made, good stitching, solid dress.- great length in the sleeves.- fits tts. i'm normally a size 10 or 12 and grabbed the 12p to see how it'd fit. other than being too short in length on my	Dresses
Love the diving beauty version, it is charming without being too "cutsie" which i stay away from. the epitome of summer and that grab and go easy little statement. i find it runs true to size...you could safely size down if need be. love it! thinking of getting the here comes the sun too! tuck it in, tie it in the back or side or great just draping...love the little touch on the sleeve too...nice surprise!	Knits
This is great. on the model it looks largish, but on me it doesn't. if you're curvier like me (5'10", 155, 32e) it may be more fitted. long arms with great wrists. design is just as shown. not a sturdy piece. but not cheap looking in any way. i plan to hand-wash and not drop coffee down the front so i can wear it for a long time. just what i want to wear on certain days, and more colors would be great. thanks, retailer.	Knits
This is a really flattering tee for my curves. pretty lace details. i purchased the gray and ordered the wine. the pink looked more peach to me in the store. only reason for 4 stars is that the back material wrinkles easily. true to size (large) for me.	Knits
Comfortable material, fits true to size, love the color and can wear all year round. selected this dress for a fall wedding and its a keeper!	Dresses
I stumbled across this dress at the store and fell in love. it's so bright and cheery but still sophisticated enough for most events. i love that the tulle that gives the skirt a slight flare and body is completely concealed. the dress is well lined and darling. i am small chested so i didn't have an issue with it feeling revealing nor did the lining hang out. i purchased this for my rehearsal and rehearsal dinner for my summer wedding. i look forward to wearing the dress many times after.	Dresses
I"m not crazy about maxi dresses so when i found this fun print with fringe-it spoke my language. love this dress. feel this dress will work with many seasons. dress falls nicely and feels comfortable. i was worried it would be too long but with a 2 inch heel-its perfect. have paired it with some red dangled earrings that spice it just right.	Dresses
For the price of this dress, i was expecting something decent. the style is cute, but nothing more. however, the type of the polyester that the dress is made of.... oh my. it is a thick unpleasant material, that will cling to a body when it is hot. i never came across an item at retailer that was made this cheaply.the tag on the back was hanging at half and the button on the front was ready to come off before i even tried this dress on.no need to say - it's going back asap.you should not sel	Dresses
I purchased this dress for my bridal shower and it was perfect! the details on it are amazing-delicate and lovely! i am 5'11'' and it hit just above my ankles which i loved because i could show off my shoes!	Dresses
I love the style of this dress and the color is beautiful and very much like the photo. like previous reviewers mentioned, the top is a little loose in comparison to the bottom. i originally bought a size 4 but then exchanged it for a 2. i tend to be between those sizes. the 2 fits great on bottom but the straps are a bit loose. it might be better for bigger busted ladies!	Dresses
I bought the design which has now sold out, of the sailboats and waves along the top. the t-shirt is super soft and thin. but, it's not sheer or see-through. very light and cool for hot humid summer days. has some nice stretch as well. a really gentle cotton knit.this top does run large. maybe that's so it will be cool and not stick to you? thus, i didn't size down because i don't like clothes too form-fitting on super hot days.	Knits
Overall i really like this dress. the color is vibrant & unique. the top of the dress especially the shoulder straps seem loose so i'm getting it tailored.	Dresses
Bought this in green at my local store and fell in love with it! i also tried one in pink and it was a bit sheer which is why i opted for the green color instead. very nice and feminine.	Knits
Very cute dress but the skirt flares out more than it looks in the picture. this made my midsection look unflattering from the side. also, for some who is on the flat chested side, you need a good bra or alteration (at least for me). despite what i listed above, i kept the dress since it's a versatile dress for many occasions.	Dresses
I just couldn't resist this dress! it's blue, it's fun, it's feminine. the color is so vivid and beautiful in person. i was worried that the length would be an issue (i bought a regular size instead of my normal petite), but i feel that it is perfect. it fits great, and i know i will wear it a lot this summer.	Dresses
I purchased this item as a gift for my wife and she loves it. the quality for the price is great. soft and comfortable. needs to be washed with care but is worth it	Knits
Gorgeous fun dress, but the cut in the armholes (6 petite) is really low. so low even a strapless bra peeks above it. there are also lining issues (could have been with just my one choice) where the lining is not stitched well around the armholes so it shows too much. back is stunning. i would say that if you can go bra less this could be so awesome. it didn't work for my body because i have to wear a bra, but i think its a winner for someone.	Dresses
I kept the size 8 of the dress and had to return the 10 as it was too roomy at the arms and chest (which is great!!!). material is nice and not too much material, hangs nice (its a swing). another win!	Dresses
Many compliments - great color and so comfy. most of my dresses from retailer are maeve brand, and i have never been disappointed.	Dresses
I really love this this dress, but i agree with the previous reviewer about the belt around the waist-it is a draped piece of fabric that is very figure flattering where it wraps, but one side of the dress has no belt and it shows muffin tops/bulges.i would have loved this if the belt went all the way around. one other point i would like to make is that bra straps are hard to conceal. i bought this dress because of the gorgeous color, but ended up returning it because of the belt and bra strap i	Dresses
Love this dress. the fabric is super soft and flowy. be aware that the model is a tall gal.... i'm usually a size 8/10 in dresses and purchased a large. returned it for a large petite as it went way past my knees. looks funny if it is below the knee. the petite is perfect.	Dresses
I tried on the xs in the store (115 lbs, 30dd chest, short). fit: i think it is a little big, i would tend to go for a xxs petite in this for me, the length was ok, but would look more flattering in petite. also, the waist was on the looser side. the green color is amazing though, very flattering and springy/summery. the flow of the dress is also very nice. the weird thing is the belt at the waist, it starts a little off from the seam, and doesn't go all the way around, not sure if i love it or	Dresses
This is just a fantastic dress! i bought it in my usual m in the blue and it fits like a glove. i love the varying lengths and the adorable sleeves and the substantial knit which feels amazing on the body without revealing any bumps and lumps :) i took the regular length and found it perfect. the front hits about two inches above my knee and the rest hits a bit lower. i'm only 5"1, but i prefer dresses that hit closer to my knee than mini so the regular was perfect for medefinitely a keeper!	Dresses
This dress is perfection it is extremely comfortable and versatile. great for dressing up or down. i am large busted (36g) so was delighted that it stretches as this is a problem for me finding clothing to fit allover. i am petite 5"1 with a curvy figure and a regular medium fit great!	Dresses
I ordered this in the "plum" color, which in real life just looks like a very, very dark brown. that would probably be okay, but the dress is actually about 3 inches shorter than the listed measurements. i ordered the regular length, but the shortest part of the hem hits me only about halfway down my thigh...way, way too short. i am 5'5", for reference. lastly, i think the fabric is just awful quality, especially for this price point. the slight texture makes it want to cling to itself - worn ou	Dresses
This is a great summer maxi dress. i am 5'4" 120lbs, about a size 4 in dresses, 32dd. i got this in an extra small. i was really happy that on someone my height, it's just a few inches above my ankle, so did not shorten me at all. the straps were a good length, and the waist hit at the right spot. i don't think the waist detail not going all the way around is a big deal, there are the little snaps in the straps for your bra, and skirt is lined. the turquoise color is really pretty and the fabric	Dresses
This dress had so much promise from the picture. i loved the midi length, color, and fascinating waist detail. i ordered online, so there was no way to try on before purchasing. the fit was disappointing. it fell in an unflattering manner at every point; a tad too low at the waist; a tad too long at the shin. just kind of saggy all around. bummed, but this is not to say it wouldn't fit someone with a different body shape better. the quality of fabric is nice, and the color is lovely.	Dresses
This dress is super comfortable and the material is so soft. the fit is very flattering and will cover any imperfections if you are heavier and want to hide anything. its more fitted in the top and drapes on the body very nicely. the hem is asymmetrical and the highest part of the hem hits about 2 inches above my knee and i am 5'3.'' i will wear this with tights for work. color is very nice also.	Dresses
Dress is very pretty, but very short, almost tunic length.	Dresses
I love this dress!!! it's comfortable, flattering and stylish. looks great with flats or boots - awesome with a chunky scarf and tights.	Dresses
I loved this dress on way more than i expected to - the pictures don't do it justice. the fabric is soft and is a really nice weight - heavier than i expected, which makes the dress hang in a really flattering way. the belt doesn't go all the way around, as other reviewers said, but i actually kind of like it that way. i almost didn't try it on based on some of the other reviews, but i'm sooooo glad i did. it's a really cute dress - will look great as is, or with a light cardigan if it's a littl	Dresses
I like the style, but i ordered an extra small (i am5'4' 120#) and it was still too loose fitting on me, had to return, hopefully exchange for xxs	Dresses
I ordered a regular size xs and the length is still fine for me at 5'2". i love the color and the fabric is super soft and comfortable. i'll get a lot of use out of it this summer and the sale price is a great bargain!	Dresses
This is, like many reviewers stated, a very flattering and nice dress. the sleeves were particularly great, because they are slightly longer than most of this type and went past the meaty (for lack of a better word!) part of my arm, only exposing the slimmer bits. it looked great on me, and i imagine it would on most people. i just did not like the handkerchief hem....too young, too trendy? i don't know, when you're in your 40s, you start to feel ridiculous in certain styles! i just didn't feel	Dresses
I am so glad i tried this dress on. it is so chic and beautiful! perfect for an evening out or during the day. i can't believe the price!	Dresses
I'm a big retailer buyer- and usually love the dresses, especially the petite xs maxis. this was the worst retailer purchase i have ever made. it was humongous and gave me no shape. even if i purchased an xxsp it probably would be the same. i'm small but i mean come on- this would only fit a giantess-- which also makes no sense because it's the petite size. do not buy. i'm very upset i have to pay the $5.95 return fee since i ordered this.	Dresses
The dress is just ok. i cannot imagine having paid full price for this. i got it for florida vacation. i put it on to wear to church first and spilled a drop of lavender oil on it and it stained!!!! cant get it out. thats punk for a dress that even on sale is like. sending back	Dresses
I tried this on in store and was very close to purchasing, but ultimately decided against it because it was too in between causal and dressy to me. i couldn't imagine where i would wear the dress. it was great quality and the green color was very pretty on. you could find a way to wear a bra with the dress.	Dresses
I loved this dress and purchased it in my usual m. however, i agree with another reviewer that it is too long for me at least, so i returned this and will buy it in petite instead. if you are shorter (i'm 5'2), the regular length doesn't fall right, the shorter front section falling right at the knee and the longer section falling halfway on my calf . but great style! looking forward to seeing it on me in the petite.	Dresses
Love! highly recommend...usually i wait for sale price but this was worth the extra splurge. so flattering!	Dresses
This is a great dress for all body types. the fabric is substantial and soft. i sized down for a closer fit, but i could have also bought my usual medium and had the extra space to belt it and wear a looser fit. i busted out the boots, a little early, and the outfit was done. super easy to wear, dressed up or dressed down. totally worth the price, i'm glad i didn't wait until it went on sale for fear of selling out.	Dresses
Looks fitted on, but this just turned out to be an oversized muumuu on. the fabric also felt cheap.	Dresses
This is a solid well made transistional dress going from late summer to fall. i'm 5'7" and got the medium and it falls a little above my knee. i could see it being very flattering on many body types. i do think you need to accessorize the dress as it is on the bland side. i bought the plum/brown color and am very happy with it.	Dresses
Thrilled that this not only fits great on me but i got it at a deep sale price! all the problems that the negative reviewers had did not apply to me at all. i'm so glad i gave this a try. my body is large on top with a square waist, a bit of a tummy, no hips or bum and the medium petite skimmed over all my flaws and made me look more proportionate. not sure why this is called halter though. i am 5'3" 36dd, wide torso, size 28 jeans, 140#.	Dresses
Love the style of this dress (length, hem, waist details, material)! i think it looks best on curvy women due to the waist detail only going part way around. it doesn't give the entire waist definition, which is why it would look best on someone who has a naturally defined waist. this is a pretty unique dress, which is one of the reasons i liked it. i agree with one of the previous reviewers about it being hard to conceal your bra straps. unfortunately for me that is a deal breaker because i rea	Dresses
So i got this on sale and the only size they had was a xs petite. i didn't have my hopes very high but i thought i would give it a shot. the dress came today and it fit great. i am 5"6" so the petite came just above my knees but the dress is still adorable. the material and cut is great. this is not what i was looking for but it is a welcome addition.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. it is longer than it looks on the model (i'm 5/5) but drapes beautifully. it is perfect for a wedding or a special event. i love it!	Dresses
I have mixed feelings about this dress. the color is fantastic. not too bright, not too dark. the material is super soft and comfortable and the length was perfect. i did end up returning this item though as no matter which bra i chose, the straps showed. it just was not hitting my right on the shoulders. i do not like having my bra straps show or constantly be trying to tuck them away (especially at a wedding or work?). this is what ultimately led me to return the dress ? even though it is beau	Dresses
This dress is super soft and really flattering. i'm 5'2" and i tried a regular size m in the store and hated it on me, but decided to order a petite m and give it a try and i love it. it's one i've been wearing a lot with ankle boots and all sorts of jackets. it's great for these fall days that are still warm-ish. would be really cute with tights.	Dresses
The design of this dress is darling and so unique, and it's very well made. but i agree it's very boxy and overwhelming for a petite frame. i'm 5'3" and ordered the 2, and it was like wearing a hospital gown. if a petite were available i'd have tried that, but this one's going back. shame, too, because it's adorable. the gap in the neckline could easily be stitched or sewn shut, but that's an inconvenience when this dress is already priced so high.	Dresses
I was looking for an oversized silhouette but this is more like a beach cover-up. the waist does not have elastic or any structure. the top fabric is crossed over but not sewn closed, and because the fit is so loose it just gaps open. the fabric is nice quality but i am returning.	Dresses
Saw this on the sale rack and decided to try on. i looked like the dancing hypos in the movie fantasia. i am petite and not heavy but this is for very slim and tall people. too much fabric in the peplum part.	Knits
This product is comfortable and stylish. i love the design and the color print. i can dresss it up and dress it down. it goes with everything and also fits great.	Knits
I had this dress in my basket for a long tiem waiting for free shipping. i liekd how it looked on the model. read the reviews, and wasn't sure, so waited... then my usual size sold out, so i decided ot try the smaller size (in petites, otherwsie i would have gotten it in the store :_)) i needed pettie and the smaller size is perfect! the color says black, but it looks more mifnight (aka blue), my friend even said (when i tried it on), you know i laways love anything blue... so don't expect dark	Dresses
I wanted this tank to work so badly! it was a great deal and so beautiful. unfortunately the top fitted portion ends right below my chest then the shirt flares out so i looked like a cupcake. my belly also showed slightly because the shirt is short. if you have a short torso, this would work great. if not, unfortunately, its not great - tear	Knits
I am 5'8 with curvy, muscular body and 36ddd boobs. the ruffle ends up hitting me right below my breasts and creates the look of being about 6 months pregnant. the beading is beautiful and i wish that it fit.	Knits
I love this! seriously would buy again. i wish it was warmer out so i could wear it	Knits
I love this top. it is very short and hits at a potentially unflattering area if one has wider hips. the fabric and swing to the "skirt" is adorable.	Knits
I wanted to like this top so so so so badly. so badly in fact, that after the first size didn't fit, i ordered two other sizes to make sure: xl, l, m. none of them worked i really wanted to like this top. the online photo makes the clothing look so flattering and the shirt is just not....at least on me. the shirt online on the model looks slimming and a lot longer than the actual piece of the clothing. the beaded work is very beautiful, but short causing the very poofy peplum to start at the mos	Knits
Absolutely beautiful - usually don't leave reviews here, but this top (material, beading, style) is so gorgeous i would be remiss if i didn't. i have a short torso, so the peplum hit me above the belly-button. it's very voluminous, but with the right pants and heels, it is a perfect outfit. as a full-time student, i'm apt to find retailer expensive - but this purchase was so very much worth it. in terms of sizing- i initially got the s to accommodate my bust (30f) but preferred the xs.	Knits
Beautiful dress with the colors and pleats. i did not have the same problems with the bust area that others did. my biggest complaint is the exposed zipper doesn&#39;t lay flat, even when just hanging on the hanger. when actually on a person the zipper juts out. had to be returned!	Dresses
I have to confess i had very high hopes for this dress. i was buying it as a stylish, modern alternative to a business suit. i wanted this dress to work as a piece to deliver presentations in or attend faculty functions. tailored, conservative, and edgy at the same time. several hundred dollars dress should meet the aforementioned needs, i thought. but it did not. the best description for the dress is "blah", average.the material is textures and crinkly, not slick. the top is cream/ivory color	Dresses
I really liked this top when i tried it on but as i wore it the bottom of the sleeves stretched out terrible where they looked worn out from wearing over and over, and since this happened with the first wearing and i paid $88.00 i sent it back. if it hadn't been for that it's a comfy and cute casual top	Knits
Agreed with the previous reviewer, this is the same dress as the evanthe dress that came out this summer, but in a rich beautiful red/wine color. the color differences in the pattern are , however, more subtle than the summer version, remaining in one palette. yo u can't tell from the picture, but the back is longer than the front. the neckline is very flattering, i found this one a little more snug than the evanthe (around the rib cage), tried on 00p (size for evanthe) might be better as 0p in	Dresses
Ordered this top online, color is a little more gray than green but it is gorgeous, comfortable and flattering, so much so, i am ordering the navy too. great quality , fabulous with jeans .	Knits
This is such a beautiful dress. but have to return for the reasons others have noted. the chest does not fit well.	Dresses
Girls, this dress is gorgeous. but if you are an a/b cup, there is just too much fabric in the bust. the entire dress is pleated from the shoulders down, so a curvier figure would be shown to great advantage in this beautiful number. alas, i had to send it back and was very sad to do so.	Dresses
I loved the colors and the feel of the fabric. it was a lovely dress but it fit weird on my 34 dd chest so back it goes. the zipper had one spot where it was tight, right at the widest part of my rib cage. it was fine every where else. too bad.	Dresses
I strongly disagree with the previous reviewer. the shirt in our store was featured in all colors. i chose the burnt orange color to try on and it is was incredibly soft! i felt like i was wearing a t-shirt with an easy on and easy off feel. the flow of the shirt allows you to wear out or tuck in. i paired with teal velvet crops and tucked the shirt in for more structure to the outfit. love!!!	Knits
The colors of this dress are beautiful and i really wanted to love it but it wasn't cut for my body shape. i think you either need to be curvy to fill out the chest or straight up&down to have it lay flat (as in the model). ordered size 6: 34b, 150 5' 9", tall/slim build. i also think the hi/lo hem of the dress isn't well indicated in the pictures; i'm not a fan of the style and was hoping it would be minimal however the hem is definitely asymmetric.	Dresses
Was scared at first to order this product, when i tried it on i was amazed on how good it looks. fits just like the model picture, and the material is awesome.	Knits
Great dress! wish it came it more colors, would like to buy another one. i am 5'5",125, size small is perfect. unlike one of the previous reviewers, i do not think it is too clingy. maybe she needed to size up.very versital, cute with a jean jacket, or long lightweight scarf, booties, or sandals! .	Dresses
This dress is perfect for spring and early summer. it has some weight to it and so it drapes beautifully. it is very well made and the fabric is good quality. the color is a medium color gray; much prettier than in the picture. i wear a small in most retailer dresses and this fit perfectly in a small. it hugs in all the right places and skims from the hips just like in the picture.. the length was just as it looked on the model. i am 5' 5".	Dresses
This is such a unique and fun dress. i'm so glad i found it and it fits perfectly!	Dresses
I've passed this dress by a number of times online, but ordered it on a whim on the mothers day promo. based on the reviews, i ordered my regular size, medium. it fit perfectly. i do think the cut is on the trim side, but it isn't tight or fitted. i probably couldn't eat a big meal in this though as it would probably show in this dress. the fabric is buttery soft! the button placket down the front is very clean and lays flat. there are two side pleats that are a different fabric and are ever so	Dresses
This would be great on someone with a slim build. it's very true to size, it hits above the hips and runs pretty straight through the body for a boxy look. i loved the color and pointelle detail but on my thicker build it just sort of hung in a too-casual way. note that it is the kind of cotton that is likely to stretch with wear (and spring back with cleaning).	Knits
Love the blue color. is a bit short, but fine with a tank underneath. i purchased the small, that's what i usually wear.	Knits
Tried on this maxi dress recently, hoping i would have a new dress to enjoy but the frabic is just too thin. so sad :(. unfortunately it shows every lump and bump and even wearing spanx while trying on it still showed too much. a full length slip would help but i decided to put it back.	Dresses
I love this top. i got a medium in black on sale. i am 5'8'' and 135lbs. the medium fits great. the medium is slightly loose on me through the tummy, which is nice - in my experience, it is not too constraining, contrary to other reviews. however, i think it depends on your body shape; i am a coke-bottle. this will be a wardrobe staple for day to day and going out; note, it is too low-cut for work wear. very happy with my purchase.	Knits
Gorgeous color and great price, but too low cut and because of the design, a cami's wouldn't work. disappointed	Knits
I'm surprised by the negative reviews and i'm here to come to its defense! i love this dress! i'm solidly a 0 petite in tracy reese and this fit perfectly. the top isn't snug but it's not roomy enough to say it runs large. just perfectly comfortable. the belt was a little tricky because it has to thread through several loops, but it stays put nicely and fit perfectly without being too snug or uncomfortable. the fitted top with the belt offsets the fit and flare style of the skirt. lace is beauti	Dresses
I bought this online. this looked like a sweater that was accidentally shrunk in the dryer, when i received it.i will be returning this.	Knits
Absolutely love, love this dress. it is so comfortable and falls perfectly. the material is great and you can dress it up or wear it casually. if it had more colors, i would get it it in any color it came in!!	Dresses
This dress is very small in the bust and maxi length on short people (5'3" 36dd). i can't wear a normal bra, i have to use adhesive pasties. the fabric is very smooth, thick and satin like, but fuzzes easily. mine came with minor thread pulls and one strap was sewn on twisted. the pattern in real life is very pink as opposed to the model sample which has more blue landscape. i'd like to hem the dress but i would sacrifice pattern. still very pretty dress. be sure to size up one or two depending	Dresses
I bought this dress with my birthday gift and i do not regret it! it's so soft and feels like pure comfort but the details, little metal buttons down the front, the vent pleats on the side; make it feel special. i received many compliments and i would urge you to get this one if you are seeking comfort. it was pretty true to size and because i'm an average height i wore a small block heel with it.	Dresses
After reading the reviews about this top being really clingy, i decided to order up a size and purchased a medium. when i took it out of the box today and held it up it looked huge and i thought i had made a mistake. however when i tried it on it actually fit really well! i could see if i had ordered my usual small how it would have clinged to my body in a unflattering way. very happy with the top and thankful for the reviews.	Knits
This dress did not impress me when i was browsing the website online. when i went to a store, though, the colors struck me as really vibrant and earthy, and i wanted to give it a chance. i tried it on and it fit like a glow! i am a 5'1'', 100 pounds, and got an xxs p which was a perfect fit. the length was great for me (petite size) and did not need altering. the online photo may not do justice to the little details on this dress. definitely a very high quality dress that i would categorize as a	Dresses
I love sundry clothing. this lightweight fleece is the perfect weight. it keeps you warm enough when it's cold, but not hot when it is milder. it's super soft with nice embroidery. size 1 is a great fit for my 5'1" frame. wear it to hang at home or to go out.	Knits
This is a beautiful dress, considering it is made from polyester. that being said, the material has a nice finish and looks like it could be silk. it's a flattering cut (other than being a tad short-waisted) and hangs well. it was also a bit tight through the bust. unfortunately, if you are on the taller side, it tends to be high waisted and short in length.my daughter is 5'11" and a size 10. the medium fit best, although because of the length, she is reluctantly returning it. sad, because it ha	Dresses
Someone returned my size so i got to try it on in store. the cut is very flattering, the material is stretchy. the lace part is nicely made too. overall great piece. the petite waist did hit me a little higher than on model, i have a regular torso and short legs (and overall usually need petite)	Dresses
Great dress, fit perfectly warm for the winter, i live in florida it will be great if we get a winter next year. very comfortable and easy to wear.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely amazing! i am an retailer addict, a good portion of my wardrobe is from retailer. that being said, this is one of my all time favorite purchases! this dress is a beautiful statement. i am tall and curvy and this dress fits like a glove but is very comfortable. the quality of the beading and the fabric is very good. i wore it on my hawaii vacation, and got numerous compliments! don't pass this one up! five stars!	Dresses
This dress is comfortable and versatile - one could wear it to the office or to a social event, day to night. i didn't find the sizing to run as large as some of the other reviewers did. i felt it was true to size. it is not lined so you would need a slip under it if you wear it with tights or nylons, otherwise the skirt will cling.	Dresses
Decent quality. i am 5'4" 130 pounds. m is too big. runs slightly large.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely beautiful! it fits like a glove and the material is super soft. so in love with this! i'm 5'2'm and normally a xs/s. the xspwas a better fit in the waist and chest. the arm holes were a bit tighter on me. the sp was way too large.	Dresses
I tried on this dress in the store and absolutely fell in love! i'm a bigger gal who is busty and have wider hips. this dress made me look and feel slimmer, and is light to wear. the dress is a perfect length too. i'm 5'11 and this dress hits me right at the ankles. if your looking for a long dress to wear that can be either formal or casual, this one is perfect!	Dresses
I decided to try this on just for fun because the colors and design are absolutely gorgeous. here are my thoughts:_________________pros:- the jeweled neckline is lovely! it really helps set the dress apart.- pockets!!! such an elegant dress to have pockets is a huge plus in my book. :)- the length is ideal for taller folk.- it swings beautifully on the body and flares out quite a bit on the bottom. if you're tall as i am, this won't be an issue.- nicely conservative at the top.cons:- i	Dresses
Love sundry. great quality. if you want a looser more comfy fit size up!	Knits
This dress is stunning! my sister-in-law was hoping to use it as a bridesmaid dress for her wedding and i ordered it for fitting purposes. it fit beautifully on my 5'10" frame. unfortunately she decided against it due to availability and because of the length on the shorter bridesmaids. while it fell to a couple inches above my ankles, it made the shorter girls look shorter. i ended up returning it but am regretting not keeping it now!	Dresses
Very pretty top, comfortable and soft but looks nice enough for work!	Knits
Normally i am a size 10 or 12 but i sized down to a small. still very swingy and beautiful. i bought the pink and the taupe as well. the colors are beautiful and have great texture to hide stains!	Knits
I was a little surprised when i received this dress, as it is little more than an a-line tube with elastic casing at the top and a cute knotted detail at the bust. i guess i expected the bust to be lined at least. it is unlined, and a relatively thin jersey knit. it wasn't see through, for it is black, but i expected a heavier fabric. i would never have paid full price for this, but at the sale price it is very cute and comfortable. it is also flattering and the fit is true to size. the a-line t	Dresses
This runs really big. i usually wear s or m so i got a small but i need the xs in this top and it is sold out. i don't have a store close by (about an hour away) and i hate paying shipping for returns! i will either have to plan a trip to the store or try to exchange for size over the phone. i debated keeping the small but it is really too big .... i love the style though!	Knits
I purchased this top in the taupe color, and it is much prettier in person than it photographs online. it runs about a half size too large, and sits slightly off the shoulders. fun casual top for the fall.	Knits
This is not worth $128. it looks cute on but....there is no support in the bust area. just a slight tuck in the fabric -it also is very flowy which is great and it is comfortable but for the price and the thinness and lack of meatiness to the fabric itself i cannot recommend and will be returning. i'll look for something else. i haven't bought from retailer in a dogs age and i hope the quality hasn't slipped - i will look for another option.	Dresses
I got this top in an xs and the fit is great. the top is a little darker than pictured. it looks great with white, kaki and denim.	Knits
Fabric is soft, body runs a bit big but falls nicely. length is great for leggings or skinny jeans. overall, wonderful tee shirt!	Knits
Ordered the pink in a small, but it ran big...the xs was perfect for my 5'6' medium frame. it is comfortable and the fabric has an interesting texture. looks great with chinos or jeans. might need to get the other color.	Knits
Very cute top but runs very very big ! im5 ft 5 in tall, 120 lbs. i ordered the xs but it was so big it looked like a maternity top.. sadly returned the top. otherwise the top was made of good quality fabric.	Knits
This top is everything i wanted it to be. the fabric is beautiful, and the fit is flowy and comfortable. i would love to own a u-neckline version.	Knits
Great t. great lightweight, almost linen like fabric. a bit on the sheer side, but love the fit and the neckline!	Knits
Flattering fit and neckline. too thin to wear without a cami or tank underneath (for me), but i was expecting that. great go-to tee.	Knits
I love this top. i am always looking for tops that are comfortable and work as basics. the material is super soft and not too clingy. it feels like pajamas, but looks very polished. i am a little wide in the stomach and bust, but this didn't look boxy. i got these in all 3 colors.	Knits
This top is just as beautiful in person as online. however, it has two issues for me. 1. it is too short. this might work if you have a short torso, but it would forever show my stomach. 2. the fabric has way too much static cling. no matter what i tried, it just clung to my stomach and flared out at the sides. not attractive. in short, if you have a short torso and don't mind battling the static, this truly is a beautiful top.	Knits
I really wanted to love this shirt. the fit was great, and the fabric just felt beautiful. luxurious, soft and flowing. but the collar was frayed... in addition, the little keyhole area fabric also had to be carefully handled to make it look smooth and not like bad workmanship. i put it aside to return it, then this morning went to have another look at it, wanting to talk myself back into it. but i can't overlook the fact i'd be ordering a new shirt that would look time-worn. it may be only this	Knits
The material is cheap and looks torn. not as nice as the picture.	Knits
This is a really nice top, especially for the price. i am 5'6", 34dd, 140 lbs and normally wear a medium in dolan tops. in this top i purchased size small since the gathered front provides ample room for my bust. some reviewers have found this top to be on the "boxy" side. i can see that if you don't size down as i did. i found the medium to have too much fabric and look very baggy whereas the small was perfect. i do wish this top was a tad bit longer and less sheer, though. white tops should be	Knits
I bought this shirt in the rust color along with the blue/black sweater skirt after seeing it on display in the store. not sure i would have ever put those 2 together but i love the outfit. i'm not much of a shirt-tucker, either, but this shirt works either way. tucked in a skirt or more casual with jeans. my only criticism is the static cling in the front, as mentioned by another reviewer. i had thought of getting it in white, but if it's shear, then maybe not. haven't been wearing a tank under	Knits
The bright poppy red is gorgeous and the cut flattering and interesting. i'm usually between a m and l in tops but went with a s in this one because it looked too sloppy in my usual size. i'm a 32-34 d with arms that aren't tiny, and it's a bit tight across the shoulders when i reach forward but not enough to be a problem. in the smaller size it skims my hips nicely but isn't as long as pictured on the model. i would suggest pear-shaped girls size down if in-between. it is sheer but not so much	Knits
I tried this top because i loved the not so simple, simpleness of it. however, it was a miss for me. loved the fit and style, which i'd say is pretty true to size, i just didn't love the color on me. i went for the orange one and the color was a bit too bright for my liking. cute top though! for reference i'm a usually small, i'm 5'4" and a small fit perfectly.	Knits
Ordered the "white" tee, but when it arrived today, i was surprised by how cream it looked.the cut is nice and as other reviewers mentioned, it is on the sheer side. still on the fence of whether or not i'll keep it.	Knits
I am short, on the heavy side. 5'1" 156 lbs. i always wear large petite. this beautiful blouse swallows me. lots of fabric on the front side of the shirt, causing a boxy look. i could totally do a mp if not sp. i am going to try and exchange..beautiful blouse, great quality, breathable fabric. colors are deep and rich. so comfy.. highly recommend.	Knits
Good structure and quality; a bit large and wish i had ordered something a bit brighter! (i ordered the white tee.)	Knits
Adore the rust color in this top. very pretty rust color. would go with a lot of stuff. my only small pet peeve with the shirt is the opening under the hook and eye. i have been wearing a seamless tank underneath. but everything else about the blouse fits so perfect, drapes nicely that i think the opening is a minor thing that a tank top can fix. beautiful on. felt that it fit tts. i'm usually a 34b, got an xs in this top.	Knits
I have this top in orange and white. it is a great top to throw on with jeans. don't put it in the dryer, will shrink.	Knits
The material is more like a great tee for the sleeves and the back, so it is so comfortable. i agree with the previous review, i am not thrilled about the hook and eye, but it still looks cute with a tank under it. i bought it in black and i am ordering it as well in white. it looks great with skinny jeans or pants.	Knits
I love this top!!! i just had a baby and it is difficult to balance classy with comfortable with out looking sloppy. this top is perfect. it may run a tiny bit big but for the most part it is true to size. great for busty girls (36dd).	Knits
The color is as pictured, like a deep coral. very comfy and great drape.	Knits
I didn't pay much attn to this online. i'm not much on front hook & tie closures. well, saw today at the local store & decided to try on both the s & m. i am usually a s in tops, but the m was only a bit more roomy & longer than the s, so i went with the size m. i thought the styling of it paired well w/ the pilcro cord skinnys i had on. looked much better than the pics online. i have other pilcro skinny cords & jeans in vs colors so i think this top will work out well for me. love the 3/4 sleev	Knits
I'm glad this was on sale because i would not have purchased it at full price due to the strange fit in the sleeve. the shirt has a slight raglan sleeve, but the sleeves do not fit loosely, they kind of twist under the armpit area. i do not have large arms, so i am ok with straightening out the knit sleeves, but they do not fit right. i also was surprised at the unfinished edge along the neckline. it is messy and tacky looking, but i think that is how it was meant to be. my recommendation to buy	Knits
I honestly never even tried this on - i ordered it and when it arrived it was not the kelly green color pictured, it was more of a dark bland green color. love the brand and very soft but had to return.	Dresses
A cute top. slightly tight in the upper area. debated returning but decided to keep as the top is unique and i know that i will wear it frequently. aleardy thinking of way to wear all year around! runs small	Knits
This is a very nice dress. the jersey is soft and high quality. the construction appears solid. the color is very pretty, and looks in real life just like it does on my computer. the cut and draping just don't work for me. there's just too much draping, too much fabric. it overwhelmed me and made me look bigger than i am. i have a feeling this would be much more flattering on a curvier figure than my own. this dress seemed to be trying to accentuate curves i don't really have (especially in the	Dresses
Retailer sizes are all over the place. i fell in love with this top, and tried it a couple of times to see if it would work. unfortunately i have to send it back. the design and colors are very good. the side slits are very high, right up to the waist, but the top still looks good. unfortunately it is very small. it still fits because of the long side slits, and is not that tight at the top due to sleeveless, but the fit just wasn't as flattering. it does seem to run 1-2 sizes small, so i a	Knits
I ordered this in my usual size 0 and couldn't finish zipping up the top, but also couldn't fill in the boobs. i am 5'7, 116 lbs, 32a. it is very cute, but the top was pretty stiff and unless it draped on you correctly, could probably be bothersome. i was disappointed in the quality of the skirt- no lining, simple cotton/polyester. i will probably return, try the size up, but was disappointed compared to how excited i was for it. i did like that it had pockets, and would be a fun dress to wear f	Dresses
I love this dress so much. the fabric on top is not something i would have chosen-it is thick and almost an elastic kind of feel. but i have grown to appreciate that since this dress is not amenable to most bras. i think the fabric would be thick enough on top to actually just do without one. otherwise you would have to go with a strapless-and the right kind of strapless, with this dress.when they say it flares it really does-and much more than i was expecting. the bottom part of the skirt f	Dresses
I love the style of this dress, but unfortunately, it runs very small. i normally wear a size 8. i ordered a 10 and the dress was closer to a size 6. disappointed that i had to return it. also, the seams were poorly done and threads hung out everywhere on the hem.	Dresses
This dress did not work for me. i tried it in my bigger size 6 since i am coming off winter weight gain. the dress fit tts but was squishing the breasts like tight bandages. i have smaller chest and the stretch bodycon fabric of the bodice made me look flat-chested. the straps did not sit flat on shoulders, i assume because they were not pulled tight enough by the chest. the dress was uncomfortable and felt strange on. but i can see how others with more curves on top will love the support of the	Dresses
When i first tried this top on, i didn't like it because the chest just spilled open. i saw it on someone else and it was so flattering i gave it another try. i bought it in both the red and the black, and plan to put a stitch or safety pin through the top to keep it closed. it is very slimming and hides tummy/muffin top issues. i plan to wear it with the stretchy knee length maeve pencil skirts all summer, along with shorts and pants. give this one a try!	Knits
The dress was great! the zipper was just a little tough but over all a very classic, feminine piece.	Dresses
I thought from the picture this would be a light floaty top. when it arrived, the fabric was a heavy knit and the neckline sagged very low. on me (granted i'm a pear) the bottom layer hugged my tummy and rear in a very unflattering way. the only thing i liked was the color. back it went.	Knits
Tried this on at my local retailer, the red color is pretty but not a "true" red. the fabric has a nice weight to it not the usual thin stuff that retailer seems to offer these days. two big problems though- the top is very low cut and i could see it "opening" up to the world! and the armholes are cut so big and low that you could see the sides of my bra, this is a deal-breaker for me, it can't be fixed.	Knits
I ordered one of the xl in the red version. the fit is true to size. it matches the model's photos. the color is much prettier in person. it looks washed-out on my computer. but, in person, it's a nice light red. the quality of the material is okay. not as good as with the floral version of this style (florascura tank). the layers are flattering for my pear-shape. it definitely needs a tank underneath though. not worth full-price in my opinion but worth getting on sale.	Knits
Adorable dress. could hardly get the zipper up in my very typical size 4. i will order a 6 and am hoping it will work out!	Dresses
This dress is very cute and fits quite well. you don't have to wear a bra with it, which is awesome, and it has delightful pockets. the downside is that the fabric on the top half is a little weird. it is very heavy and stiff. also, the inside has some fraying and the quality does not seem to be the best. i'm keeping it though.	Dresses
I love the unique design of this dress. it also has a nice thick material. the top part runs small. i'm normally between size 6 and 8. i bought this dress in size 10 and the top part is still snug, whilst size 12 is too loose. the bottom part has a nice flowy material with pockets. since the top part is snug, it will best not to wear a bra plus the thick material will provide a nice support. the down side of this dress is that the straps are running long. i have a short torso, so there's	Dresses
This top isn't so much on the hanger but very cute once you try it. the neckline is really cut low so a pin or stitch is necessary. the length on the regular is perfect for my shorter body. if you have a long torso it might not work for you. love how the layers conceal but do not overwhelm your body. i purchased my regular size medium in black. for reference: 5'6", 145 lbs, 34dd.	Knits
The design on this dress is so cute. it runs really small. i had to go up from my normal size 4 to a 6. i am not well endowed so the top was great on me. it's looks great on once k got a size that works.	Dresses
I wish that it had fit me better as the feel of the fabric and the color were great! regrettably, i am sending it back as the v opening is too low for my tastes and the fabric on the left of the first layer drapes weird on me. i am usually a s or m and in this top the s was plenty of length and room, would be swimming in a m. the fabric was soft and felt great against your skin and not thin as some fabrics can be. the color was just as shown and beautiful. hope it works for some of you out there	Knits
This is one of the best date night tops i've seen in a while. i'm 5'6, 120 lbs and the xs is perfect. the fit is spot on and the fabric feels nice. i will need a teeny tiny safety pin to keep the front closed, but i do that often so i don't see it as a design flaw.	Knits
I tried this dress on in my local retailer and was pleasantly surprised. it fit!!!...and looked cute. as other reviewers have mentioned, it runs small, but it is super stretchy, especially in the top portion. with that said, it accommodated my bust! i have a 32g bust, and it possess a problem for me when i try to buy dresses. the top of this dress is pure elastic, so it works. the dress stretches on top, but comes back inward on the body?so i can show off my curves. i have no idea what bra i can w	Dresses
The color, design and fabric of this top (got it in the red) were just as i expected, but as the owner of several deletta brand tops, i was very surprised to find that my usual size small runs very large in this tank. not only did the front dip too low but so did the arm holes, and the top just hangs on me. it was so big for a small that it almost made me think it had been mislabeled and was really a size large. bummed to return it because i really love the color and the style. will try an x-s	Knits
I bought this yesterday and love it. it drapes beautifully. it's a little fancy but versatile enough that you could wear it for semi-casual occasions. the first tier hits at the natural waist, while the second tier hits at about hip height. this is very flattering for the waist, while still being drape-y and a bit loose. i thought this fit a little bigger than to size. i am currently postpartum boobed so i am 5'4", 135 lbs and 34dd and the s fit great. (i am currently a s in other retailer tops).	Knits
So, so cute. totally flattering. but the seams don't lie flat and there are loose threads all over the place. i've had issues with quality from retailer for a while (random holes in things) and was disappointed this fit that bill. i'm keeping it anyway because it's so cute!	Dresses
Super flattering! my mom and i both bought this, and we have very different body types. (we both had to size up a bit, as i have a large chest, and she has a large ribcage.) i got a size 10 (i'm normally a size 8), and she got a 12. it was much easier to zip up without bras on, and it seems to have been designed to not need a bra. my mom is pretty short (5"2'), so she's going to get her straps shortened. for reference, i'm about 5'9". hope this helps!	Dresses
Super cute and flattering!	Dresses
First, i love this top overall. it is simple and classic and has a flattering, forgiving cut. i agree there is a major design flaw as other reviewers have mentioned. the v-neck is so deep and falls so low you need to wear a camisole underneath. instead i chose to take a stitch at the neckline to keep it together where i wanted it, and that worked beautifully. i think the top should have included either a small button or snap to hold the neckline up properly or should have been stitched together	Knits
Wow im really glad i didn't listen to the negative reviews! in ordered this top in the black and red and i have to say this is one of my favorite tops! the neck line i agree does need to be secured. i wish they would have added a snap. it's fine though as i don't mind sewing it closed. this top is worth it! i'm 5'2 108 lbs and small chested. so for slim girls i think this is perfect!	Knits
I have a shorter torso and so i usually love dresses that hit right at my waist- so this dress seemed perfect! i ordered a size 2 petite, which fit very well. the regular two (in picture) was not as well made. the straps didn't fit as well. they were less of an "x" and way more fabric. petite fit great. i think this dress is really fun but not very mature. i returned it because it didn't feel adult enough for the event.	Dresses
Just picked this up in black in the store. on the hanger it looks like just another v-neck tank, but it is quite flattering on. however, the v-neck is quite exaggerated and loose, i will be pinning it so it doesn't sag open. :)	Knits
This dress is made of a very thick material both on the top and bottom, making it very flattering. lots of compliments!	Dresses
This is a nice lightweight summer top to wear with a pair of shorts. it is low cut though - lower than i expected so i wear a tank underneath it. the layers are flattering.	Knits
This shirt was so weird?it does not fit like the photo at all. there seems to be missing a stitch or something at the top as it is wide open until the bottom/where it meets the other layer. i could wear a tank/camisole underneath, but it still just did not fit right. i do not have a large chest, but this was ridiculous. beyond that, the red color was just okay. even though i purchased this on sale, it was not worth the price and i returned.	Knits
I saw this dress and immediately started daydreaming about wearing it while honeymooning in italy along the amalfi coast or the cinque terre with my husband. and then i tried this dress on and immediately woke up. the cut is a disaster, the quality is terrible, and the dress just plain didn't work. the strips of elastic were sewn unevenly, giving the appearance that there was one large breast and one non-existent breast. the neckline was so long that it had to have the elastic run over the outsi	Dresses
Right out of the bag, this top didn't really match the one pictured here (it is the right top, though). the fabric was heavy and felt "damp" -- the way something feels coming out of the wash. very odd.and the fit is nothing like what's shown on the model. the "v" is not fitted or nicely wrapped (or even tacked in place) -- it was just two loose, droopy pieces so most of my bra was showing no matter how many times i put the pieces back where they belonged (i'm neither "flat chested" nor "busty"	Knits
I love this dress! perfect for both work and play and can be worn in all seasons thanks to the sleeves.	Dresses
I was surprised and impressed by how well made this top is. it looks and feels expensive and of good quality. it is a very flattering fit for someone like me who is small on top and wider at the hips area. i look forward to wearing this top all through the fall/winter/holiday seasons!	Knits
Beautiful, flattering dress. love that you can where a bra without having to be concerned about straps showing. very happy with purchase. highly recommend.	Dresses
I'm so excited about this dress! it's perfect for the summer. the material is so soft and lightweight, with a great lining. i ordered a small petite and it fits great! the ruching in the front isn't overdone, so you don't have to worry about adding bulk in the midsection. no problem with my bra (32dd) showing in the back either.	Dresses
I was so excited to order this dress, had the perfect red shoes to go with it. unfortunately i could have been nine months pregnant and still wear the small. i am 5'4/118lb and it was like a maternity dress. sad to send it back.	Dresses
Glad i got this on sale. it is more yellow than the photo & short. it is also heavy with a sueded interior. would have given more stars if it was less boxy & longer.	Knits
130 lb, 5'5, 32dd. ordered xs. this dress is a bit outside my normal retailer style, but i love tracy reese designs and it had good reviews so i decided to give it a try. i could not be more pleased with this decision. as some of the other reviewers have said, the dress is very well made. the lining in particular is excellent- it is a soft mesh that prevents the dress from clinging, without adding bulk in the hot summer weather. i typically wear more structured dresses, but the lining on this dres	Dresses
I really wanted to like this dress and was so disappointed when it came in the mail. if you have any sort of hips, the light pattern in the middle doesn't do you any favors. this made my hips look soooo wide! and the seaming and gathering in the middle was just off. if it was one continuous piece of fabric it might look better. with the seam, the pattern was cut up and looked pieced together. that just drew too much attention to my stomach and hips. it had to go back.	Dresses
The first reviewer summed up many of my thoughts exactly. i don't like to go without a bra and this dress with its slightly wider, almost cap-sleeve straps solves my problem perfectly. i love this neckline and wish i'd see it in more maxi dresses! the crossover and cutouts in the back mimic the lines of a traditional indian sari blouse and skirt, again without sacrificing bra coverage. just a beautiful and inspired design - definitely a standout in the sea of summer maxi dresses i've seen. i lov	Dresses
I love the bohemian look and fell in love when i saw this dress when i saw it online. it's pricey but i am holding on to it because it's really beautiful. i got a medium. i'm 5'2", medium built. it's just perfect. i'm tempted to get the petite but with petite, the top gets to be too short so i think i'll stick with regular size. my family loved it! the quality and detail in the dress is just gorgeous! you can easily dress this up or down.	Dresses
This dress is extremely comfortable and easy to wear with a bra. the back is great and the length is perfect for me. it's flattering, but the pattern (being light in color across the middle) isn't particularly flattering on your waist. that being said though, the gathering in front is great for hiding bumps and whatnot (after 3 kids that's important to me). lightweight and great for summer. 5'8", 135lbs and the size s fit perfectly.	Dresses
I feel like an indian goddess in this dress! lots of swing to it!	Dresses
I loved this dress the minute i tried it on and am actually really sad that i had to return it. however, the embroidery was unraveling in several places before i'd even worn it, so i thought it would probably only get worse. too bad because it's gorgeous and flattering!	Dresses
Love the unique details and neutral color scheme. top is boxy but i liked the way it looked on my 5'2" 115 lb. frame. it's comfortable and well made. thicker material. seems to be holding up fine after one washing. looks great with skinny jeans. highly recommend!	Knits
The little details are just beautiful. the embroidery and tassels are so cute. loose fitting just floats over the body. feels very light.	Dresses
I really loved this top the minute i put it on. read the other reviews but it really worked for me. i am 5'3", 36dd, athletic build and the m fit perfectly with a nice roomy fit. top will be perfect for my upcoming trip to tahoe. plan to wear with light denim, dark denim, and black cropped denim bottoms. even looks great with a culottes or denim skirt. the weight is really nice and it washed nicely. i washed on delicate, and laid flat to dry. a little pressing and good as new. it has a nice boze	Knits
Flattering dress that looks great on. the back cut out shows some skin while still covering up a bra. the petite size fits true to size	Dresses
Loved this dress and ordered it based on glowing reviews. ordered size large because i weigh 155 pounds and have a large 34g bust. the dress skimmed nicely over my body but the baby doll style fit loosely and made me look really wide from the side. i probably could have sized down for a better fit, but it might have just emphasized my bust. the fabric has a substantial weight and it's lined. best as a fall, winter dress. the embroidery is beautiful. i disliked the intense black color around my f	Dresses
I ordered a petite small. i'm 5'3, 135 lbs and 34b and the length was perfect and the fit was great. like the previous reviews. love you can wear a bra with it.	Dresses
I love this dress so much! i got petite and the length was perfect. it was so soft and so pretty. perfect for a wedding.	Dresses
Soft, comfy, flattering, just a beautiful dress. it works for any occasion. i can't express how much i love it!	Dresses
I'm a 32ddd and this top fit perfect. i wore it with boyfriend jeans and flats. the material is nice and perfect for fall	Knits
I have been searching for great bra friendly maxis and the design and colors of this one are exactly what i was looking for. i love how the front and back dip down and the open back with crossover detail is really sleek looking. overall, it's tts, but the chest is a little low cut, so some will want to size up for extra coverage. the fabric is a silky jersey made of mostly rayon (95%) and spandex (5%) with a mesh nylon/spandex lining from the top through where the cream color ends at the botto	Dresses
Ordered a l and xl, the sleeves were so tight on both sizes but the rest of the shirt was wide and loose. the tight sleeves were not proportional with the rest of the shirt. both sizes had to be returned.	Knits
I'd give this dress 6 stars if i could, it's possibly the best dress i've bought at retailer in 12 years of shopping there. the fit is fantastic with the ruching around the waist adding camouflage for anyone with a bit of a tummy. the cross back stamps hide a bra effortlessly (even those wide supportive bra straps that larger cupped women need to wear), the mature rial is soft and silky to the touch, the fit is true to size, the pattern is bohemian and elegant -- not hippy dippy at all. i'm 5'6"	Dresses
This dress had beautiful details, and the material was better than i expected; however, it was huge! it completed swallowed me. i am 5'1 about 106 pounds with quite a bit of muscle. i ordered a 00p and it still looked like a sack.	Dresses
I wanted to love this, as it seemed like a fun and carefree take on a little black dress.but how did i not see that this has tassels? but they're there, a whole row of them - look hear the bottom of the skirt part, between the colorful stripes and the lacy area. that's a deal breaker for me - i really can't stand the way these look, and they're not the sort of thing you can easily remove.the fabric, though nice quality, has no stretch at all. i wasn't expecting stretch, but i'd just say	Dresses
This might be one of my new go to tops. looks cute with jeans and a sweater or alone. the arms are snug but not uncomfortable and i think it adds to the shirt.	Knits
I needed a dress to go to a reunion party(not hs) and this fit the bill perfectly. it fits perfectly and its short but not too short. it is a great work dress or change your accessories and its perfect for out to dinner.	Dresses
This cute dress is swingy and chock full of fun little details. love the embroidery, colors, crochet lace, tassels, wide sleeves. don't like that it's all polyester and some embroidery is unraveling so i don't know what to do about that. size down if your petite or slender. i'm a med-large (135# 36c 38-27-35) and medium fit great at the bodice/shoulders. hem hits my knees in regular size.	Dresses
I can't get enough of maxi dresses and i can't resist tracy reese. this stunning dress caught my eye immediately, but i was worried that the back cut out at the waist would make my backside look flatter. i'm so glad i took the plunge to buy before it sold out. this dress fits perfectly, it's flattering to my figure, the print is beautiful, the fabric and drape do not cling to my figure flaws and i'm just so happy! for sizing reference here are my stats: 5'3" 140# 36dd and i purchased the medium	Dresses
True to size. length is perfect for 5'8"-5'9". soft fabric. not too low cut in the front, but not all covered up either. ruching is subtle and does not add bulk. skirt portion skims curves, neither clinging to them nor poufing out from them. strap design is perfect, covers bra while revealing a touch of skin. comfortable and effortless to wear, very very pretty.	Dresses
This dress is so pretty. i loved the details on it. the material was ok. would have prefered a softer material so the bottom part of the dress would have been more flattering. unfortunately, it did not fit me right. i'm 5-2",34c, 28, 37 and the 4p fit ok. it hit just above my knees so the length was fine. what i did not like was that it was a little too loose around my waist making me look pregnant so unfortunately i had to send it back. i'm so sad cause this is a really pretty dress. you can dr	Dresses
I'm keeping this top bc it was on sale but it does look a little maternity! i wore with super skinny white jeans and 3" casual heel. i'm short so i needed a little more height to slim me but if your tall and and slender this might work better for you?	Knits
I feel like an indian princess in this dress! it isn't very forgiving, make sure you don't mind showing some skin - but there's some subtle rouching right at the spot where most of us wish we could hide at all times. great colors; boyfriend loves it.	Dresses
Absolutely love this dress. i saw it online and didn't give it much thought and then saw it in the store and it was amazing. the photos really do not do it justice. the embroarding detail at the bottom is beyond beautiful in person. i agree that if you don't want skin showing you will need a black bra or black cami to over the delegate lace down the front and back of the dress. got this for fall/winter in fl and cannot wait to wear it, perfect holiday party dress!	Dresses
This dress is my personal introduction to talented indian designer, ranna gill. i just love this gorgeous, free- spirited dress! i bought the regular medium for my 5'1", 34f, size 8 figure. it works very well. i will want to wear a black cami, as i'm not comfortable with some cleavage showing (maybe 3/4") and the open lines of lacy, small holes down the front and back. you might not mind showing more skin though and not need a cami. the top is not very see-through, and the skirt is lined. the re	Dresses
This dress is great, and looks even prettier in person, the colors are more vibrant. the ruching is very forgiving for the belly and the length is perfect. most maxi's are too long on me, but i ordered a ps and it fit perfect. my only complaint is that it is very low cut, which i was unaware of standing up, but when i sat down at a dinner party, well, let's just say i gave everyone a show :(. recommend wearing a cami or something underneath.	Dresses
I love this shirt. i'm 5' 4", 110lbs, just had 3rd baby so not into tight fighting clothes at the moment. love the loose yet flattering fit of this shirt. the sleeves are not too tight on me and i love the length.	Knits
This dress is so pretty- the colors are vibrant, beautiful pattern, the ruched part in the center hides the tummy!!! the neck line was too low for me, so had to wear a red cami underneath which hid the skin showing parts in the back around the waist. so instead of skin color, it was now red- even more prettier! no body could tell!! got so many compliments!!!	Dresses
I was pleasantly surprised when this arrived. it hangs in a flattering way and the red has a nice soft hue. i couldn't believe what a great deal i got while on sale.	Knits
I wore this dress to a party once and haven't been able to find an outfit that can top it!	Dresses
Very nice top. flattering and goes with everything. i bought the medium in the green but would have needed the large in the white as the white was a little see through and showed more of my flaws. i agree with the other reviewer in that this top has good button placement.	Knits
I purchased this and another eva franco dress during retailer's recent 20% off sale. i was looking for dresses that were work appropriate, but that would also transition well to happy hour or date night. they both seemed to be just what i was looking for. i ordered a 4 regular and a 6 regular, as i am usually in between sizes. the 4 was definitely too small. the 6 fit, technically, but was very ill fitting. not only is the dress itself short, but it is very short-waisted. i am only 5'3", but it fe	Dresses
I first bought the red & green at the store. when they went on sale bought the blue & ivory. love, love ,love these shirts! they go great with a skirt or jeans. so happy i got them. the fabric is stretchy, but still fits very nicely. what a great buy, hope to see more of this style again.	Knits
I love this shirt, it's easy to belt. i just wish it was tighter.	Knits
I'm an avid retailer shopper.i bought this dress for my niece, her style tends to run bohemian/gothic.the style, fabric and overall design/quality of this dress, is something i felt she would like (even though the color is not black).she loves it - perfect fit. she accessorized it with her usual biker/moto jacket,boots, etc.but it looks awesome on her!	Dresses
This dress is absolutely beautiful. i was hesitant to purchase it due to the price, but i just couldn't resist. it's so flowy and comfortable. it's quite long on me; i'm 5'5 and have to wear heels so that it doesn't drag, but could easily be fixed with alerations. i wore this to a wedding and received so many compliments.	Dresses
Short and wide. the color and print are so pretty, but the shape isn't flattering, at least not to me. might work better on a teen?	Dresses
I'm keeping this blouse anyway. i purchased the olive and it's such a great color. i live in a warm climate and really don't need long sleeves, but since the color is so great and pairs well with a lot, i will keep it.	Knits
Gorgeous dress. perfect for something special. paired with black heels. runs a touch large. i normally wear a small (5'6 and 140 pounds) but i'm expecting so i sized up to a medium and it's very roomy. the sleeves do cap out a little too much but it's just so pretty i don't care! def a keeper.	Dresses
I never write reviews but this dress is so fantastic i felt compelled to write one. it has unbelievably gorgeous detailing, from delicate beading and sequins on the bodice to the three layers of the skirt: slip, floral pattern, pleats. i literally feel like a princess/ greek muse in this dress. can't recommend it enough. true to size; i'm 5'7" and 133 lb and got a size 4.	Dresses
This dress looks lovely on the model, but it looks just awful on me!i am 5'4" and curvy. the shoulders are cut w/ a weird shape. instead of a cap sleeve, it is like a pointy cap on the side and stuck out on my shoulders. it looks like i am ready to get beamed into space.the material is nice and the sequins are pretty, but the cut of the dress is unflattering.	Dresses
It's pretty, floaty, feminine; the photos don't do justice to the prettiness. but the photos also don't show an asymmetrical hem. i understood it runs small so i got two sizes, to be safe, and even my larger size was strangely short-waisted, and i'm short-waisted to start with. maybe i could've lived with that, but both the dresses i received have an uneven hem unlike any i've ever worn or seen before. it's not longer on just the sides; the hem is longer in one spot on the front, and one in the	Dresses
I own this shirt in dark green,navy, and white.it is perfect. it drapes in such a flattering way, nice weight.it shows curves in all the right ways but does not fit too snug, emphasizing every flaw.and finally... the buttons are placed perfectly so that you don't have to choose between extremely conservative or way too provocative (bra showing).well done!	Knits
I like the feel and color of this blouse. however, i was very disappointed with the sizing. i usually wear medium so i ordered medium for this blouse, it fits way too big. it is a bummer because the "curve" is not even visible when i wear it.	Knits
I ordered this in a size s, my usual size and it fits great. i love the color, style and fit of the dress. the only criticism i can think of is the braided trim on the skirt hits right at my hip and kind of, ever so slightly, poofs out a bit and i wish it had pockets. other than that it's pretty darn cute and i got it at a great price of under $40. so i will wear it as much as i can until it gets cooler. because of the rich color, i can probably wear with cute sweater and booties into the fall!	Dresses
This is a great basic t that works with shorts, pants, or a skirt.	Knits
So glad i ordered this dress. it fits true to size and is extra soft. i was unsure about the color, but it looks nicer in person. the fabric is a mid weight that hangs nicely. this will go great with leggings or tights and wear into spring.	Dresses
It was very pretty,but it ran very big , sadly i had to return it.	Knits
I thought this dress was very cute on the model, however it was way too tight across the chest for me. going up a size would mean it would be too roomy everywhere else. also, fabric wasn't great.	Dresses
I've had my eye on this for awhile, glad it was still in stock. really great deep wine color, soft. more texture and detail than i had appreciated in the picture. love.	Knits
Ugh. i was so excited to get this dress and for 30% off. this dress is adorable. unfortunately the top part is super tight around my girls. otherwise the fit was perfect. very disappointed in the top of this dress.	Dresses
You will love this cardigan. very well made with beautiful details. the sleeves have the same detail as the collar and the back. has darker flecks that will go well with dark pants or cords or jeans. you will love this cardi! wish it came in more springy colors. i only gave it a lower rating for quality because the first one i tried on had a sleeve that was much tighter than the other sleeve. the replacement was fine!!	Knits
This is a beautiful sweater! it is not too heavy and the variation in knit from front to back makes not the same old boring sweater. the color is gorgeous.	Knits
I would definitely only recommend this top to girls who are smaller chested. it fits in the shoulders/arms, and then flares out too much at the bottom, almost looks like a maternity top. the material is very nice however - both soft, and feels like it will hold up through multiple washes.	Knits
I just love this dress! the color, the quality, the design - all great! sizing can be tricky however. i sized down due to reading the other reviews, and i'm glad i did - it fits perfectly! this dress does not have a zipper on top, so if you have broad shoulders it might be a little harder to squeeze into.	Dresses
I originally bought this dress in another color back when retailer was doing the 25% off dresses promotion a few months ago. i had seen it on a store associate at my local store and absolutely loved it, but hemmed and hawed at the original price. it was a splurge even at 25% off, but as soon as i put it on i was in love. this dress is so soft. i wore it to see some old friends, and after every hug i received a comment about how unbelievably soft it was! the material is thick enough to have a decen	Dresses
This shirt is perfect for me. i have very small shoulders, but i am pear shaped. so the flare on the bottom is welcomed for my body type. i bought 2 colors. i have a similar shirt from retailer a few years ago that was multicolor which i wear all the time, so i am thankful they have repeated this design. also i did get this on sale which is a more realistic price for the quality of this shirt.	Knits
I ordered this winth some trepidation as the dress looked a bit baggy on the model. i don't typically buy this style of dress because many times, they are unflattering on me. i'm 5'6" and 130 lbs, in very good shape. the small was perfect for me. a size up would've resulted in a baggier look. the length is perfect, above my knee; not too short, but short enough so i don't look frumpy. the dress drapes beautifully, and i can wear it with tights and boots now, and capri tights and wedge sandals in	Dresses
I'm: 34a, 125 lbs, 5'8"purchased: smalli was going back and forth between xs and s. i decided on small because it fit better in my arms, didn't feel as tight. the xs fit well in the torso area and didn't have as much fabric as the small. the small also had a longer shirt tail. if you don't have as much mass in the arms, get the xs. if you have some muscle or extra mass in the arms, it's better to go with the small.	Knits
Okay, i get the idea of the loose swing dresses but i have a couple that do it well without looking like a moo-moo. i ordered my "typical" pxs. the length was good and the color beautiful. i like the details of the dress but it was huge and not in a flattering swingy drapey way. i was undecided if i should try the pxxs as the pxs was so large that i don't know if the pxxs would fix this problem for me. i will still be thinking about it.	Dresses
Dear creatures always has sizing issues. they run the gamut of bust-problems. i'd been salivating for this dress for a long time so i really did my homework. at 5'7", 130-135 lbs, 34c, 28" waist - typically a 4 in dresses... i bought the small. each dress is cut from the same fabric, leaving each dress's color swatch placement to be randomly determined. as a result, i've seen some dresses have only pink, purple, and green. i lucked out and got every color represented. so the dress you see may no	Dresses
This is a very classy sweater/jacket. it is a beautiful color. i had not even noticed it until it was on sale, and then read all the favorable reviews. it can be dressy or casual as seen in this photo! so glad i got it!	Knits
This is a great basic tee (purchased in navy) but fits much larger than it appears on the model. the arms/chest area fit fine but it really billows out below. the front is shorter and the back is longer than i would've expected. i thought this would be great for summer, but it's really too long in the back to wear with shorts. it does, however, look great with skinny jeans.	Knits
I absolutely love this gorgeous cardigan. i will wear it for years to come!!	Knits
I adore this dress, the perfect summer dress that you can dress up or down. the color is vibrant and the fabric flows and feels fantastic against your skin. i love that you can still wear a strapless bra with it, but with the adjustable shoulder ties you can have it go as low as you want for a more sexy look. the bottom hem is this super cute fringe, so fun and feminine. and while it is a loose fitting dress i did not feel like my figure was drowned out by the fullness of the fabric. this dress	Dresses
One of the things i love most about this dress is that the straps are adjustable. you can tie them as loose or tight as you like. like other reviewers mentioned, the color of this dress is vibrant and the fringe at the bottom is the perfect detail retailer is famous for doing! i am 5'5 105 lbs and lately all of the dresses i have been buying at retailer have been xsp. i have never worn petites before, so i don't know if retailer is just making their dresses a little bigger, but i definitely have neede	Dresses
Love the deep purple color of this cardi sweater - long and drapey looks great with leggings skinnies and jeans. my only problem is the way the loose stitching around the cuffs is makes it worrisome. wore once and already starting to get a hole. still a great piece.	Knits
Yes, this top runs large and it doesn't show your curves, but it's still really cute and fun to wear. i first purchased the beautiful sage color, and after getting compliments, i also ordered the navy version. these tops are easy to wear, have an interesting detail at the neck, and could be layered. cozy, comfortable, stylish. love mine!	Knits
This top! it is so simple, but so great at the same time! it does run large, and i'm not a skinny girl... but it has a style that is certainly meant to flow away from the body as it goes down. i find the top portion very flattering and the looser bottom section doesn't take away from that. i have been wearing the olive green with fitting dark jeans and a flannel or oversized soft, washed-jean button down shirt over it for the cool spring weather. it's casual, but so comfy. it's great for loungin	Knits
Color, style, adjustability, easy fit, flattering! yes on so many levels! oh wait it's on sale! fantastic, magnificent and pretty! i bought medium and in 39-28-35	Dresses
It's a lovely and unexpected sweater. a few things to keep in mind- - the knit details are beautiful- the pictures don't do it justice.- it's pretty lightweight.- the color is a little darker than the picture shown- it's a very dark plum- it runs bigger- this is the only retailer sweater where the sleeves of a m are a little to long. - the style is decidedly casual and "slouchy". it looks great with jeans, but don't plan to dress up an outfit with this piece.	Knits
Gorgeous linen blend tee. purchased in grey and white. classic timeless staples. fits baggy which i love. for reference i am 32a 5'1 105 lbs. love love love!	Knits
Cute dress that is perfect for a casual summer wedding or brunch with friends. i love the material and that the dress is lined. it is very comfortable and it has pockets. this is definitely more of a ?golden? yellow vs. a soft yellow. my only complaint is that i wish it were cinched more right below the bust. it would give the dress (and me) more shape. i would say this dress is true to size but if you have a larger chest, you will likely want to size up. if you have a small chest, i would proba	Dresses
Material is hard to wear a bra under it	Knits
Beautiful dress! perfect mid length dress for the colder months. i tried a size 2 regular first (my normal dress size) but it was a little baggy, so the 0 fit perfectly.	Dresses
The pleats on the bib make this look like something from chloe sevigny's wardrobe on the set of big love. and the shoulders are cut for an offensive lineman.	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. i feel it's the perfect year-round piece. looks super cute with boots or booties. even with a cute baggy sweater over it. i am usually a small or medium, depending on brand. i'm a small with this one. and i actually like it worn without the button fastened in the back, it just worked better that way. it is not see-thru, though is a light material. i live in fl so i can wear year round. but up north, with tights and boots, you can too. so worth the price!	Dresses
Beautiful, unique, colors perfect for winter. i received so many compliments at two holiday parties. and on sale, this is a no-brainer	Dresses
The picture online doesn't do this pretty dress justice. i'm curvy, and always searching for dresses that don't make me look like a sack of potatoes. its pin tucks at the bust give it a little shape, and the print is much more vibrant in person. will look great with tights and a black blazer for dinners out.	Dresses
Received this dress yesterday, love it!my initial hesitation in ordering this dress, even though it is my fav color....was rather bright for sept..but loved it and decided to order and wear it next spring.delighted to open the package and see that the dress is much darker than in the pics...more of a jade green.it is still a summer fabric/style, however the darker color will be perfect for the warmer fall days ahead.this dress is beautifully made, superior workmanship, and the fabric i	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress with unfortunate design flaws at the bodice of the dress. the fit at hips and length is perfect, falling just to my knee (i'm 5'5" 142 lbs.) and grazing my hips. in that regard the fit is spectacular. but the bodice seems cut very oddly, which would require tayloring to correct. the armholes are large and flared at the bottom which leaves 'wings' just under the arms that stick out. since this dress has a side zip, to correct that would seem a major undertaking. the stra	Dresses
This dress is sure to become one of my favorites! i ordered it online and the colors are even prettier in person; very vivid! it is a little light for the climate where i live right now but, i'm sure that as soon as it gets a little warmer i will be wearing it often. i can't wait!	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress! i wore it with taupe tights and suede boots and got so many compliments. i have also worn it over leggings, and can see myself wearing it in the warmer months with sandals. even though the material is somewhat thin, i did not have to wear a cami with it. the fabric pattern is really cute!	Dresses
I bought the pink, which is a vibrant but not neon shade of deep reddish pink. love it. i love how the flutter of the sleeves is balanced with a slimmer fitting body, which keeps it from looking frumpy. i did order a size down to achieve this look. i prefer a more tailored look so this suits me while satisfying my desire for a little whimsy now and then. my only issue is that it's too low cut. trying to decide if i just need to wear it with a lower-cut bra or if this requires a cami. i hate laye	Knits
I got the pink color, which is really vibrant and beautiful in person. this top is low cut, so if you don't like to show much cleavage plan to wear it over a cami.i'm 5'5 145lbs, 37-29-39. got a size medium. it fits okay in the bust area, but is much looser than i would prefer below the bust. i will either return or exchange for a small to see if the fit is better.	Knits
Very flattering, not too short, beautiful. i'm 5.6, 36d, usually wear m in dresses, wide hips. the 8 fit very nicely.	Dresses
Finally a white top that is not see through! this tank is very form fitting and flattering, but does not hug too tight. i am neither large nor small breasted and love the way the v-neck fits on me. for reference, i am 5'2, 105#, 32c and i got the xxs.	Knits
Very pleasantly surprised by this top! it's looser, but in a flowy not baggy way. i ordered the m. thevee is just right on me, tasteful but just low enough. love the sleeve lengthordered thinking another black tee , but it's going to be well used,and great for evenings.	Knits
Gorgeous dress! fits true to size with high quality material. the colors are stunning.	Dresses
I purchased this dress online after two reviews and i am so glad i did. this is a work of art and beauty and will be my go to dress for spring and summer weddings, special occasions and other events. i am so glad the arms are covered with lace and flowers. this is spectacular.	Dresses
Even on sale, this was just too pricey for what it is, which is a glorified tank. i liked the straps, but it hangs very wide off your chest.	Knits
I'm either a medium or large in retailer tops. i was able to wear a medium in this top. the color is vibrant and the material is soft and light. it will be a great spring and summer top. can't wait to wear it.	Knits
This dress runs large so i sized down. when it arrived i looked at it and thought the fabric was ugly and boring for a dress. it sat there for about two weeks till i tried it on. i love it! it is so comfortable and is so cute how the pockets hang. all it need is some long necklaces or a scarf to complete the look. i get complements on it everytime i wear it. my only complaint is that it peels under the arms a little bit.	Dresses
This dress is amazing ! the colors in person are so vibrant and yet organic somehow at the same time. perhaps this is because the fabric has a really nice depth and texture to it. i got this dress for a summer wedding and it's casual yet dressy at the same time. re: fit - the best thing about this dress - is a fit ! it's so incredibly flattering on, it fits like a glove. it just hugs your figure in the most flattering way, especially if you have an hourglass figure. the fit is true to size -	Dresses
Love the pockets! fits loose, but lies nicely. comfy but able to be dressed up or down. great versatile dress.	Dresses
This t-shirt does a great job of elevating the basic t-shirt in to one with a touch of flair. i typically wear a medium but luckily read earlier reviews and went with the small.	Knits
I'm so happy to add this lovely and unusual dress to my fall wardrobe. i absolutely fell in love with it the moment i tried it on. i wear a two or four, depending on the designer, and the two fit me perfectly. another reviewer said it's special occasion only, but i like it so much, i'll wear it more often. with that said, it's a wonderful go-to dress for the holiday season.	Dresses
I ordered a 6p in this dress so it wld fall above my knees & be slightly smaller than a regular 6. sometimes a regular size 4 works, sometimes a 6. typically a regular size 6 is big on me. i am 5'3", 118#, 36c. just recd the 6p in the mail. the first thing i noticed is that it's s a knit fabric that looks & feels like polyester although says 'cotton' on the inside label. i think it wld be a bit warm in hot weather, but that is just my observation. the main problem is that it is too big on each s	Dresses
I love the colors of this dress, and i waited for the sale since it isn't really good for work. i wear size 6 in hd all the time, but this one doesn't fit at all on the top. the bust is cut for someone really curvy, but the bottom is for someone really straight. i don't know what they were using for a model, but this has to be tried on before purchased. the material is also rough, and there is no lining to protect you from that. i love my hd dresses for style and functionality, but this one is j	Dresses
I love this dress! tried it on at the store. they only had medium. while i'm usually always a medium, it fit perfectly but pulled at the bust (i'm a 38). i ordered a large online the next day. i have it now and i am extremely pleased. the pattern is unique, the length falls just above the knee and has s sexy flirtiness to it. the back button is key as it gives some contour to the dress. the side pockets are an awesome touch. you can wear this dress any season. i'm wearing it with ankle boots and	Dresses
This dress is adorable and well made. this brand runs on the large side. i ordered an xs and the tag says 'p" on it. it's not petite. it ran large through the hips and will need alteration. i'm keeping it because it is really cute and is well made. the material is knit and soft - very comfortable. i'm surprised nobody has reviewed this item. i probably will not buy this brand again only because it runs large.	Dresses
This dress is so cute. i love that it has pockets. it looks great with sandels, and also ballet flats. it is airy, and run true to size. i wear a small, and it fit perfect. i even bought the other navy, and cream dress. you will wear this dress over, and over. just roll up the sleeves, and throw it on, and your ready. just love it!!!!	Dresses
I loved the aesthetic but as a true hourglass shape, i was frustrated that it didn't have a little more give as i tried to pull it over my head. the fabric was stiff, and seemed to be lace over cotton? not entirely sure. i couldn't get past the feeling off the material.	Knits
I purchased the green print which has so many patterns and colors which makes this dress have a very interesting look. i love that it has a drop waist because it is so flattering to most body types.the other thing i liked was that this dress came in petite sizes, perfect for me.	Dresses
Went to the store in search of a butter dish. tried this dress on a was shocked at how comfortable, versatile and all over appealing this dress is. i'm 5'10" and the medium hits at my knees. as always i think the quality could be better. it's not something that will last for years.	Dresses
I saw this top on sale and tried it on right away. my normal medium was too big, so i purchased the small in the rose color. wore it with a shimmery kimono and cream colored pilcro boyfriend jeans. wow, what an outfit!!!!then i washed it according to directions, and sadly it shrunk into a crop peplum tank. i was so disappointed. i wished i had read the reviews beforehand.	Knits
This is my second dress from this designer. it is very comfortable, stylish, and looks great with sandals/wedges. i would have given it 5 stars but the neckline was a little lower than i expected and the length was a little longer. i am still keeping it though and expect to wear it spring, summer, and fall.	Dresses
I'm 5'4, 125 lbs, & have a 36 c/d bust; the xs fits great.i wash everything in cold & line dry... this was no exception. when i took it out of the washer i knew immediately :( i've pulled it back into shape & hung it up, but we'll see. dry clean if you want to keep it	Knits
I will preface this review by stating that this item was available only in one size at my local retailer. they have a section of dresses mostly offered online that are in store for you to touch, see, try on and order through the store (which is much appreciated). i am normally a size 0-2/xs in retailer clothes and i will typically order a petite when available. the option my store had to try on was a regular medium which is what i have pictured here.i mostly wanted to try it on just to get a fee	Dresses
I purchased this with some hesitation, having read that some people thought it was unflattering. but i couldn't resist the sale price, and i love a low-maintenance work top and doesn't require ironing. this fits the bill perfectly. it's made of high quality fabric, there's a soft inner lining with a side zip closure, and it has a pretty narrow profile so initially i found it a little snug to wiggle into (i got a small), but once on it fit perfectly, and is so flattering i can't imagine why other	Knits
Should've ordered a larger size. it runs a bit tight around the top and the zipper isn't that helpful.	Dresses
This was my first tiny shirtdress purchase after seeing the past few patterns/seasons. for me the last few were a little too busy, but something about both patterns this season felt right for summer. i'm 5'7", 128# and found my usual s to be too long in length and in sleeve length (the sleeves being a problem that i never have). going to try to exchange for an xs because it really is a lovely piece in both colors (though i slightly prefer the green because it feels more tropical/exotic for summe	Dresses
I'm 5'6 and between 100-105lbs. buying clothes from retailer is always a stuggle because i have a petite frame but i don't fall into the petite height range. i usually order a petite size and just deal with the shorter length, which is hard when you're all limbs. i purchased a 0r and i'm in love with the fit! the top of the dress fits under my arms perfectly! the waist of the dress also hits nicely. usually the waist of regular sized dresses falls below my natural waistline due to my short	Dresses
I love the ease of this dress. the style can be dressed up or down. the straps are inset a little which doesn't work for every body type. the thin material can get caught and snag easily but otherwise this dress is a simple chic addition to my closet. the length is just right, not too long like some other maxi dresses. the lining underneath ends at the perfect length as well. the top part is lined well so it can be worn with or without a bra. i am normally a 4 or 6 in dresses. the waistband hits	Dresses
Dig this top but a little different from what i was expecting. the outside is indeed a bit stiff and scratchy but it is lined ... but definitely would've appreciated a softer fabric. however, the cut is cute and flattering and the pattern is adorable so it's staying in my closet. perhaps not the thing to wear to snuggle up with someone though!	Knits
I purchased this based on previous reviews. the quality of the dress and the print is excellent. the dress fit me perfect in the front however there were so much extra fabric in the back that it made me look extremely large. i understand it's a shirt dress however the back would need to be taken in like 6 inches. for someone who is looking for a more boxy full coverage dress this is more for them	Dresses
I am between a xs and s but figured i would order down based on the reviews. well, it's still huge. i have about 5 inches that i can take in from the side. i have ordered the xxs and am hoping it will look more flattering. i love the colors and design, but as it is it does not do anything for me. for reference i am 124 lbs, 32d, 5'5".	Dresses
The first reviewer said it was small in the bust, but the 0p i ordered fit everywhere, rib cage and all, but was gaping at the bust (in the back). i would say overall it was true to size but if i sized down, it would be too snug in the rib cage. i am 30dd for reference there and waist is 26.5 inches,otherwise, the make is very pretty, i like the texture in the fabric, the color is very pretty as well. embroidery seemed high quality, but i decided to pass on it, even on sale, since it didn't	Dresses
This is a great dress for those days where you just want to throw something on but still look put together. it hangs so well and feels so comfortable yet it has a style that is a combination of bohemian and part sophisticated . the colors are muted but they work so well. i wear it with flat strap sandals and have also paired it with wedges. i receive tons of compliments and have to make sure my daughter doesn't try to borrow it. would highly recommend.	Dresses
I wear a size 4 and i ordered the small for this top. it is huge and gave me a maternity-look that i wasn't going for. i was hoping for a loose, body-skimming fit as shown on the model in the picture but that wasn't happening with this top.	Knits
Love this layering piece! a little low cut for my personal comfort, but a tank underneath works great.	Knits
I originally purchased a small after reading some of the reviews. although it did fit, i felt it was just slightly snug across the chest and upper arms. i returned for a medium (my usual size) and it was perfect. it had the same look and flow as what you see in the model pics. i love love love that it is long-sleeved and has pockets!!!!! i went ahead and ordered the other print as well! i wore the first one to work with some knee high boots and got many compliments. highly recommend!	Dresses
Love love love this dress. fits like a glove. beautiful details. amazing quality. i'm so happy with this dress and know i'll have it for years. :)	Dresses
I was very nervous to buy this top, but because it was on such an excellent sale i went for it- tops like this usually end in me showing a ridiculous amount of cleavage or not being able to zip (i am a 32ddd) it past my waist. i ordered a small based on the other reviews and it fits perfectly! the wrap top is perfect and shows off my curves without showing too much. the fabric is very unique and the whole top is lined with a nice nylon/cotton blend so it is very soft and comfortable to wear. def	Knits
I really loved the colors in this dress and was looking for a long sleeve dress. this style may just be big fitting but the sleeves were way too long and the dress was just shapeless on me. i usually wear a small or a size 4 in clothing and the size small in this dress was way too big. the x-small may have been a better fit but this dress was on backorder and i just received it right before we are going on a trip. there's no time to order the x-small but maybe i can look at it again when we retu	Dresses
Super cute, flattering design but the material is itchy so it's going back:(	Knits
I honestly bought this shirt on a whim the other day in my local retailer. i was drawn to the color and the swing. first of all, this shirt is incredibly soft and lightweight. i love the flow of the loose peplum. the straps are nicely placed, because they're wider and accentuate my arms (and cover my bra straps). i love the little v neck detail. it shows a little cleavage when bent or hunched over, but the top stays conservative when truly upright. i wore this shirt 3 days in a row last week, and	Knits
Comfortable, relaxed fit. i am very top heavy and the generous cut of this dress worked well!	Dresses
This top is comfortable and flattering. i really like the simplicity- a wearable basic summer top, with a cute twist, just enough to make it contemporary, but not overstated.	Knits
I fell in love with this dress online and went to try on in the store. i'm 5'6, 128 lbs with some boobs, usually a s or size 4. i tried on the s and xs, and ended up buying the xs - and i've never worn an xs in my life. it is long and loose, hanging right at my knees. the body is roomy, and i am thinking of having it taken in a couple of inches at the waist. there is pleating in the front that begins just below my natural waist and extends out to the hips, plus pockets (!!!). the sleeves are lon	Dresses
This dress is comfortable and the pattern is really nice with some good attention to detail on the lace trim and pockets. i ordered this in my usual pxs (i am 5'2"), but this definitely runs very large. it is a shirt style dress so i didn't expect it to be fitted, but off the hanger it was just too shapeless and sack-like for me. i really wanted it to work, so i took it to my tailor and she added a beautiful navy rope-like tie attached to both sides in the back of the dress. it looks amazing, an	Dresses
Looks great in the picture but when i got this in the mail the fabric was so stiff! shaking it out did nothing-almost like it was dipped in drying glue. i got this for $10 which is so cheap and i still returned it!	Knits
I bought this dress in the green. it runs big - i usually take a s and had to return for xs - i am 5'5" and 125. it flows beautifully and can be dressed up with heels or worn completely casual with flip flops. worth every penny!!	Dresses
For a brand called "tiny"--this dress was really big. i ordered my usual m and it was like a sack--virtually no shape to it at all. i haven't been a small in many decades, so i'm really hesitant to order it again. i'm afraid i'll be like goldilocks--"too big!", "too small!"--but i'm probably going to give it a whirl because the green print is so pretty, and i l like that it has sleeves to protect from sun. and pockets! lots of good qualities, just putting them together in a wearable size seems t	Dresses
I absolutely adore this shirt!!! the pinkish rosey color is beautiful and ended up being better than i had imagined. i will say that the shirt is a bit more casual than i thought it was going to be, the way it hangs or something..not really sure. nonetheless, it is perfect. can be dressed up or down, which is the best quality to have in any piece of clothing! i can tell i'm going to get a lot of wear out of it.	Knits
This dress looked super cute in the picture and on the model. i ordered the petite style and it was still so big and way too loose. no shape whatsoever! i unfortunately had to return it. i love loose dresses but this one was way too big, loose and had no shape at all.	Dresses
Very versatile top! i feel like i could dress it up or down. fits very nice and the material is soft.	Knits
This will be a great summer staple. good fit and very comfortable. may go back and buy another color	Knits
This dress is a vintage 20s drop hem style, not meant to be tight to form. that said, the bottom is loose so may want to size down. 5'2, 145 lbs= s. i bought the neutral- navy pattern and it is absolutely gorgeus! hints of peach and beautiful lace detail. i literally got compliments all day long- from friends and strangers. i paired it with a dark denim jacket. absolute must have for sale price.	Dresses
I purchased this top in the rose and steel blue colors even though the majority of reviews says it shrinks even when you wash per the instructions. i called the local retailer store first to see if it could be returned if this happened and they said yes, no problem. well the reviews are correct. i washed just the rose colored top so i could compare it to the steel blue if it did shrink. i am returning them this evening. i will not take the time or spend the money to dry clean a tank. it is made ve	Knits
This dress is very flattering. i am writing a review to share my experience regarding sizing. i am 5'7" and wear 34a. i tried on a size 0 that was at the store as a return and there was about a 3 inch gap to get the side zip closed. although i normally wear a size 2, i ordered size 4 because of my experience with the dress at the store. the size 4 is slightly big across the bust but looks ok. i think the size 2 would've been too tight.	Dresses
Super thick material and it's lined with cotton so as not to be scratchy on the skin. it looks cute on, hopefully it will soften over time. almost thick like upholstery fabric.	Knits
I love tiny's aesthetic--sweet, feminine, yet always with a slightly sexy edge. this dress doesn't disappoint! during 90% of the year, i'm always cold. finding cute dresses with long-sleeves is almost as challenging as finding a unicorn. this dress is near casual perfection. i plan to wear it on breezy summer nights on a cruise to greece i have coming up. it would also be a perfect spring/fall dress before the seasons change or could be worn in winder with tights and a cardigan. see, near perfec	Dresses
I've already worn this dress 4 times and i bought 3 weeks ago. easy to wear, comfortable and flattering. i love and wish it was available it more patterns.	Dresses
Love this dress! it's even prettier in person. i found the sizing a little bit on the large side, but i read that many others had the opposite problem, particularly in the bust where i'm small/average for my size. even though it's a little big on me, it looks and feels great.	Dresses
Has anybody washed this shirt a second time? just curious if it continues to shrink.	Knits
This dress is beautiful in person. i am 5'1 and was afraid it would be too long but it was perfect. i only need 2 inch heel and it will be fine. details on the flowers are really nice. one more plus it machine washable.	Dresses
I love, love, love this absolutely stunning dress. the only problem was that the zipper was very difficult to maneuver, and when it finally went up, the watch it was attached the lining of the dress made a bump in the dress, which was very unflattering on an otherwise very flattering dress. i tried on multiple versions of this dress and had the same design issue with each. i ended up returning it because it bothered me so much.	Dresses
I own many retailer dresses but the sizing can be odd. i usually wear a size 4-6 and i have a floreat maxi dress size 4 that works well. i am 34c and based on the reviews i decided to order a size 6. the dress fits well except for he bust area that is very snug/couldn't even get the zipper up. i will probably have to order a size 10 to be able to close the zipper on the bust area but it will be huge everywhere else.the fabric seems very delicate and may develop runs easily. it's a shame because th	Dresses
This dress is adorable. i found it to be true to size, but i do have a small bust so perhaps that helped with the sizing issue the other reviewer encountered. i love the embroidery throughout, it beautifully constructed and feels lush. i'm 5'9" and the dress falls to my ankles, but that's ok because it will look beautiful with heels or flats. i love the dress and cant wait to wear but gave it a 4-star rating because of the side zipper. it is extremely hard to zip up past your waist because of th	Dresses
I fell in love with this cute top, however after reading reviews, i am going to return it. seems there is a problem with it shrinking after following washing instructions. who wants to dry clean a tank top? not me, sadly. too bad. style was cute and color was awesome.	Knits
This dress is so beautiful in person! but the quality was very upsetting. i had two buttons come off before even putting it on. i was so excited to get his dress for my wedding shower and then i couldn't wear it :(	Dresses
I wanted this dress so bad for a trip to hawaii. i sized up when i saw the side zip because i'm a little larger in the top than bottom, but whoa... even when sizing up, i think i would have needed to size up like 3x to get this to work. the dress is adorable, and if you have a smaller bust, it will work for you... so sad it wouldn't work for me.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous- it's one of those retailer dresses that i find worth the price because of how unique and beautiful it is! i found it to fit tts. although the zipper does take a good tug to get over the fabric seam, it fits perfectly. if you have a bigger chest (d+), i would foresee this dress being too snug. however, i am a c and it fits just right! i wore it to a backyard wedding with flat sandals and simple gold hoops, but i love the idea of styling it with a jacket and some wedges or bo	Dresses
I am normally a size 4/6p in all things retailer but read the reviews and opted to go petite on the maxi and size up. i went with the 8p and even with a 32d bust, had no trouble zipping and it fit beautifully. the band is a tad loose, but any tighter wouldn't have fit in the bust. this dress hangs beautifully and is incredibly flattering, especially for those of us with an athletic build.	Dresses
I've received so many complements when i wear this tunic. it's so comfortable and fits great. the fabric is light and feels good against my skin. this is, by far, my most favorite purchase from retailer and i wear it all the time with my leggings. love, love, love this tunic/dress!!	Dresses
I wanted to love this top. the color is wonderful in the pink and the material is silky soft. it is huge though, i am a 34 dd and bought my usual small! i am going to exchange for an xs and am hoping it fits.	Knits
Tiny are experts at making busy bohemian shirtdresses that look casual but retain a feminine drape. it skims over my trouble spots without adding bulk. this is my fourth dress from this label and it does not disappoint. for my frame and style i chose tts but those of slender & petite builds may want to size down. for reference i am 5'3" 140# 36dd.	Dresses
Embroidered tulips look like they were plucked when comparing the dresses in the product photos. took a chance any way, came out disappointed because i couldn't zip up the bodice. i hate side zips and when you pair a cheap zipper with delicate material, recipe for disaster! i am top and back heavy so though i lost weight and went down a cup size, my back is too wide for the 12p. for reference i'm 135# 36d 38/28/35.	Dresses
Wanted to love this top, and could imagine lots of outfits with it. the wide shoulders made my arms/shoulders look big. the ruching and extra flap landed at an odd place, accentuating my belly. it did arrive very wrinkled, although a previous reviewer said she found it to be a wrinkle free garment. maybe that made the look worse. overall i felt that it made me look 15 lbs heavier than i am, so back it goes. i am 5'7", 160lbs, 34dddd, and the size large was the correct size.	Knits
This is the perfect dress! for summer, fall, winter or spring, it is flattering and looks cute with booties, flip flops, brogues or barefoot! runs a teeny bit large - i wear a small to medium and the small is perfect! i might just buy the other color it comes in!!!!	Dresses
I bought this top and it ran huge, i had to get an extra small. well then i wash it according to the instructions and it shrunk horribly! like its so small now my 3 yr old could probably wear it! i'm so sad, i really liked this top....but for it to shrink after one wear is not acceptable.	Knits
For me to buy a tank top it better be special and this is. flattering without being skintight, it camouflages that little back bacon you sometimes get from a bra. the v-neck is low and is the same in the back. great length, super soft and the best part is you can wear a bra! i haven't washed this yet, but based on other reviews i'll probably hand wash and air dry. the only issue is the tag flops out every now and then.	Knits
This top looks just as it does on the model and it fit just as they said it would. i needed a nice shirt to wear with jeans and camouflage my new-mommy tummy and this was perfect! it's really comfortable and fun, too!	Knits
I love everything about this top! the fabric, the color, the fit! great top for spring and summer!	Knits
I had hopes for this shirt but was disappointed in the fabric...it's very stiff and heavy for a summer blouse. will be returning it.	Knits
Another reviewer said it best, "i love the way this dress makes me feel." i couldn't agree more. the lines are perfect and effortless. with all the different reviews on size, i went into the store to try it on. i am usually always a s or m at retailer and a s fit perfectly. i think sizing down any more takes away from the casual look of the dress. i am 5' 5", 130, and have a small bust.	Dresses
The colors, style and fit were great. this dress you could wear on many different occasions. all around great piece to own!	Dresses
This top is super cute and is very flattering. however, i have trouble getting in and out of it. there is one zipper on the side but it almost seems like it needs to go higher up in order to help you put it on and take it off.	Knits
This dress is very striking, especially in the green color way i purchased. flow and loose, very feminine but not "cute". well made and very much in style this season. i returned it because it wasn't quite suitable for me-1 size up would have been a better. fit overall.	Dresses
I ordered my usual size small and it was very large on my 5'5", 112# frame. my daughter loved it so she scored. i ordered another one in xs, perfect though the sleeves run long! i have long arms. can be dressy or casual.	Dresses
I got the dark purple color of this top and it is perfect! i wear it all the time. it's comfortable and it's cute! plus if it gets cold i can throw a warm sweater on top of it.	Knits
This dress looks beautiful on. it's very flattering and comfortable to wear. it runs true to maeve's dress sizing which for me means in these dresses i always get one size larger than what i normally wear. on my 5'3" height the regular was just above the knee. great for giving you the illusion of the figure you want even if you don't have it naturally !	Dresses
I absolutely love this tee! i normally don't buy two of the same thing, but i bought it in both black and mauve during a december sale. i ordered a size small, and it fits tts. it can be worn with leggings or skinny jeans/cords. i love pairing it with skinny jeans and boots best. it's very slimming and so soft.	Knits
This tee is amazing! it is so soft and comfortable. and is great for those of us who are tall, it has great length! i went with a medium because i didn't want it too tight. i really hope that retailer restocks soon because i want to buy one in every color!	Knits
Super comfortable!! i am 34 weeks pregnant and i works great for me now and i think it will be perfect post baby also!	Knits
Like the other reviewers, this is my new favorite tee. it's so freaking soft, and the ribbon down the back just gives a little added flare. pure+good has been one of my staple brands for basics for a while, and i will definitely be buying more colors in this. the length is perfect for leggings, and it would be cute with jeans too.	Knits
Loved this shirt so much that i bought in 3 colors. love the luxurious feel of the silky, flowing fabric that flatters in all the best ways. however, after washing per instructions, the fabric lost its good qualities and turned into a blah, pilled mess that gathers at the seams (especially the bottom seam). tried dry cleaning another shirt and it came out the same way as washing. looks like a cheap, lackluster layering top now and definitely won't last another season. so disappointed - if you ca	Knits
Cute top and flattering to wear. fits nicely and i'd say true to size. can't wait to wear it.	Knits
At 5'5" (almost), 122lbs., i always wear a size small. however this dress runs large (no, i am not smaller than i was 6 months ago) and it looked like a dumpy sack on me. too bad, i really wanted it to fit! it is a slightly heavier fabric than anticipated, and would be an excellent travel dress. i may try the xs. . .	Dresses
Purchased in the light grey and was so excited, i wore it the very next day. the back detailing and pocket make it more unique than a regular tee and the fabric is slightly heavy (in a good way) so it hangs beautifully. easily can be dressed up or down. new favorite tee!	Knits
Ordered this on a whim while taking advantage of a promotion, and now need one in every color! the weight and cut is perfect for fall/winter/summer - not too heavy, but not sheer/tissue thin; fitted enough to look super cute with leggings or skinny jeans. fabric has a nice quality feel to it - i have similar shirts from the past that have held up well in the wash. i'm anticipating the same with this.	Knits
Oh my! i love this tee. it is super soft. i love how it doesn't look like a sack with no shape. i can't wait to get more colors. i am tall plus have a long torso and it still is long enough for me so this is definitely a win!	Knits
I ordered this as it was either in stylist pick or top rated, cant' remember which, but i must say, ti was very nice on. a little loose, but the petite sizes are sold out, so i ordered the xs (petite might have been too short...) the cut is feminine, not figure hugging, but still flattering. i can see wearing this in the fall with boots and a cardigan, not just summer with sandals, so i decided to keep it. 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist.	Dresses
Love this shirt. i am 5'8 and have a slender torso and the small fits perfectly. i love that it's long so you can wear it as a single shirt or use it as an extra layer. i also have a grey druzy necklace to dress this puppy up. purchased it in black and this will be a new staple.	Knits
This top is much nicer than expected.....the fabric and style are great. i am a size small or medium, and got the small. from the front, it was great. not so much from the back for me. i'm larger on top than bottom and the 5% spandex made it too clingy around the dreaded bra fat area. i don't wear spanx. i wish retailer would be more specific with the fabric content. if i'd known it was 5% spandex, i would have ordered a size medium. i am thinking about doing this because the top is really	Knits
This top is so soft and comfortable. i bought it on sale, so would i have paid $60 for it . . . . not sure. fits true to size, what can i say its a simple top, well made and so soft.	Knits
I love simplicity in clothing and this tee fits the bill! i put it on and instantly feel basic elegance.	Knits
I am 5'10", 130 pounds. a medium is a perfect fit for me. i love it! not so sheer that i feel that i need to wear a cami underneath, sleeves are long, and it is so, so, so soft. the scoop neck shows just the right amount without being too revealing. i am buying one in every color.	Knits
Fits great! love soft material. love with skinny jeans brown boots	Knits
I really like this dress. i'm 5'8" and about 135 so i bought a small. i am small chested, so i plan on wearing a bandeau bra underneath it because the arm holes are a little low. the material is very nice though. perfect for dressing up with cute jewelry!	Dresses
I bought this dress in a sm for a cruise i'm taking soon. i don't have much of a waist, kind of straight like a board, and this dress is very flattering on my figure. the skirt fits snug and the top drapes nicely over my waist. very pretty and flowy. i bought the multi color stripe dress and the vertical stripes enhance the beauty of the dress.	Dresses
I was pleasantly surprised when i tried this on. i tried it because of the detail but didn't hold out much hope because it looked frumpy on the hanger. i was very wrong. it fits beautifully. it drapes nicely, hugs the shoulders perfectly and doesn't droop open due to the embellishments. there is a tiny closure where the fabric crosses in the front so you are not exposed. i liked that feature very much. the sleeves are 3/4 on me, but i like it - nice change of pace. this is a very different style	Knits
This top feels great on. it just drapes well and isn't clingy. i refused to buy maternity tops, because i wanted to wear the tops after pregnancy. though i bought this top post pregnancy it would have worked great because of the length.	Knits
Comfortable casual, hip. i have the black & white color which is a bit thicker than the other colors which i prefer as i recently had a baby and need a little extra fabric. i wish the fabric was a bit softer but the cut is so flattering there was no way i was sending it back. i wish the other colors were in the same thicker fabric and i would have ordered more. my new go to top. the black ribbon on the back is my favorite part.	Knits
This dress is gorgeous in the photograph. and very pretty when it arrived, however, it is very dark in color. you would only notice the blue in bright light or perhaps outside in the sun. the fit was small. i could not get the tie around the waist to look right and feel comfortable, so sadly i had to return it. i applaud retailer for the excellent and attractive packaging. that was almost enough to sell the dress. it came in a very nice white box inside a larger box. tissue paper and fol	Dresses
This is one of the cutest tops i've ever gotten from retailer. the material is very soft and flowing. it fits true to size and hange beautifully. love it. i should have gotten he turquoise one too!	Knits
Love this shirt. it fits great and can be easily layered!	Knits
Agree with the other reviewers. this top is excellent. great length, weight & bounce to it, flattering without being clingy. i'm 5'10" with a long torso, so i'm always in the market for tops with longer hemlines and decent material without being too tight or clingy. this one i love! i bought it in black, then went back for the turquoise, then two more... if that doesn't tell you what a great shirt this is, i don't know what will.	Knits
Great color, soft fabric, but waaaaay too long. more like a night shirt than a t-shirt.	Knits
I was hoping to find a slimming and cozy sweater, unfortunately this one was baggy and material was really bulky. one of those occasions where i would have never purchased this in person but online you can't quite tell the style and fit. i returned this item.	Knits
I need one in every color. so super soft.	Knits
Very pretty blouse with nice detail. needs to be worn with a camisole however.	Knits
Got this shirt on sale and i hope they restock so i can buy more. super comfy and flattering at the same time. i have some extra baby weight and it camouflages that well. i'm normally a 6-8 but i'm an 8-10 right now and the medium was perfect. i'm 5'6" and its plenty long enough to wear with leggings. a great shirt and i'll be sure to watch out for this one to come back. please restock!	Knits
Easy to wear. the fabric is super soft and the shape is very flattering.  i really like the shirt hem at the bottom.	Dresses
I almost never take the time to write reviews but this shirt is amazing... it's a super soft, stretchy, substantial fabric that is incredibly flattering. it falls perfectly and is insanely comfortable. i am 5'5" 120 lbs and usually wear an xs or s in retailer tops... i went with the xs and it is a perfect fit. love it so much i bought it in 4 colors... i am now completely broke but these shirts will be in constant rotation.	Knits
This is a beautiful top, however, my top did not match the one in the picture, it's so odd, the stripes are completely different, it's ok, because it's very pretty, but i do like the one pictured better. it's too short on me for leggings and boots, but it's great with skinny jeans. very pretty and soft material.	Knits
This shirt is amazingly soft and has such a great cut, especially for me being curvy. i love to pair this with cute leggings or tight ankle jeans with my boots. recently wore on a casual date with the hubby and he loved it paired with my dark brown leather jacket and dark jeans. only reason i gave it 4 stars was that the shirt tends to stretch out a little at the bottom is seems as you wear it throughout the day - it is still a great shirt and if possible i would buy more. need to bring	Knits
This shirt is pretty but wasn't worth the price in my opinion. the shirt does a pretty decent job of staying closed at least, and the embroidering is pretty, but i could tell the material wouldn't last very long.also i like my shirts loose fitting, but this one looks more boxy than flowy. i'd probably still buy it if it were cheaper.	Knits
This shirt looks and feels fabulous. i got black and white and received a ton of compliments. wore with boots and leggings and fun jewelry.	Knits
This is the perfect casual top to wear alone or layered with a cardigan. love it!	Knits
Although i wish this was not so dark blue for summer, it is the most fabulous cut, super sexy with the tie neckline and love the side pockets... and did i mention the fabric is ridiculously soft? i just wish it was more of a blue denim blue but nonetheless, i could not walk away from the store without this. i am 5'9, 142 lbs and medium fit me perfect for length in the leg.	Dresses
I purchased this item in the gray heather color and loved it so much i wanted to buy every other color. the fabric was cottony and felt very soft and cushy against my skin, and the gray color was from the combination of black and white fibers. i ordered the light gray and the red online and could not wait for them to arrive. but the other colors were not even in the same material, but a very shiny and synthetic feeling fabric, with just a single color weave that did not have the same feel or tex	Knits
I've been looking for a staple long-sleeve tee for a while now, and i think i've found it! i bought this tee in my usual retailer size of medium and the fit is perfect. the material is soft, the cut highlights an hourglass figure without clinging in the wrong places. the sleeves are long enough, which can sometimes be a problem for me. the length is perfect to wear with leggings without being too long. i'll be back for more colors!	Knits
I love this top, it's long enough to to wear with leggings and the ribbon in the back really dresses it up. the only negative is that the material pulls easy and only on the space dye color, not the solids but i still love it! for reference i ordered xs and it fits perfectly i am 5'2 125lbs	Knits
I purchased this shell in black. the embellishments and construction of the top are of a good quality, like as shown. i am 5'4", 120# and typically purchase an xs. this ran a bit bigger than i was expecting from the reviews, but i am overall happy with the top. the center slit may be too revealing for those with a smaller bust.	Knits
This dress will unfortunately be returned...so cute online and looks like a sack in person. runs very large, arm holes are very low. not flattering.	Dresses
If you have any cleavage this dress will look awful. the ties drop pretty low & look trashy over cleavage. recommend otherwise - good fabric cool look	Dresses
What i liked:1. midweight fabric. it's not lined and when i read polyester in the description, i was worried that it might be thin, but this is a stretchy midweight fabric.2. pretty pretty printwhat i did not like:1. i don't know what dress the model is wearing, but this was an empire waist dress on me. i'm 5'7". because it was empire waist, the long hem makes this look like a maternity dress on me.2. the sleeves are cut oddly. they look too wide for the dress, even on this model.3	Dresses
This shirt is amazing! it's an excellent heavier weight quality t-shirt, but so comfortable. if you are looking for the perfect shirt to pair with your leggings and boots this fall/winter/spring, this is it! i am 5'8" 136 lbs and this perfectly covers my rump and the small fit perfectly. the band around the wrist is a nice touch, making this a higher quality tee. i am buying more colors.	Knits
A $200 piece of polyester with no shape and looks good only on the model. avoid ! mine went back the same day it came in the mail...	Dresses
So soft. this is the best basic tee i've bought in a long time and it fits so nicely on my frame. i'm 5'8" ans 130 lb, medium bust and got an xs.	Knits
This is the most perfect tunic out there. it is comfy, flattering and fits perfect. it can be dressed up or dressed down. definitely worth it to buy in every color!	Knits
I'd been eyeing this dress since it first appeared online, but when i went to order, there was no petite sizing. then when shopping, i noticed the carbon color in the petite section of my local retailer. i grabbed my usual ps, and although it was okay, i decided to try the xs for comparison. the slightly closer fit made all the difference, suggesting that i had a figure underneath, but not tight anywhere. nice weight to the fabric, it drapes beautifully and the lacing detail is very popular now. a	Dresses
I agree with other reviews, soft, cozy and love the embroidery and beading. it is a bit wrinkly even after i ironed it but overall happy with this blouse.	Knits
I saw this top in the store and wanted to try it on but my 18-month-old son was getting cranky so i had to leave. i kept thinking about it and was planning to go back and get it and then i checked online and it was on sale! i purchased the pink and i'm ordering the blue as well. it's very comfortable and i received several compliments when i wore it. i haven't washed it yet but the fabric seems to be sturdy.	Knits
I tend to peruse the sale section when i am avoiding my work (quite often). i came across this top, but had never seen it before it was put on sale. i was intrigued by the sleeves, but concerned that the pattern might be too ornate. i was happily surprised when i tried it on. the fabric was thick, which i find highlights curves and hides rolls. the detail was enough that i could dress it up, but not so much that i felt awkward wearing jeans.	Knits
Extremely comfortable t. fits tts. bought in black & teal. can be dressed up with a scarf or worn with just jewelry. fairly lightweight so probably not a good choice for cold winter months. great price too!	Knits
I wanted to love it - the color is great, the embroidery pretty, but the stiff scalloped sleeves were just too much. if you have broad shoulders this is not the shirt for you. i think personally it would have been better had the material been softer.	Knits
These are long, easily wear with skinny jeans, they do not cling and are not see through! the colors are great!	Knits
Love this t-shirt! i live in miami and have a 5 month old so i practically live in shorts and t-shirts, and this shirt fits beautifully and adds a little extra pop to your everyday t. love the material too!	Knits
Excellent tunic tee. will be great with leggings or jeans, which is just what i was hoping.	Knits
I tried this shirt and really loved the feel, and the scalloped sleeves. i have a couple shirts by this brand that also have beautiful embroidery, and i always find myself drawn to their clothing. the fit wasn't too boxy on me, but i'm between m&l, and sized down, so that might have helped. if i didn't have so much of this color in my wardrobe already i probably would have snatched this up!	Knits
So super soft and comfortable - great to throw on to run errands with ease while still looking stylish - the lace up front makes it more special that just a standard tee shirt dress	Dresses
I love this tee. really comfortable and super cute too!	Knits
The fit and feel of this top is lovely. great shirt to layer. fits great, i get compliments every time i wear it.	Knits
Beautiful detail, soft drapey fabric. but it pulls funny from where they added stitching at the top of the v. for me it was also a little short but i have a long torso. i'm 5'7" 155lbs and the size medium fit nicely with the exception of the length.	Knits
I really love this dress but am deciding whether to keep it because, while it fits well in the skirt and around my torso, it is tight in the arms. i can't really lift my arms above should height. the plus is that it would keep me from bidding too much at my kid's school auction. the negative is that it would be hard to dance in.	Dresses
I read the previous comments and was skeptical. i love the dress! it's fitted on the top and flowy on the bottom. i didn't find it too big or maternity on the bottom half. the print is really pretty with flecks of blue that brightened up the dress.	Dresses
I purchased my wife this shirt for christmas and she loved it! the quality of the shirt is amazing and now she wants them in every color! even though she says she's kidding, i really know that she isn't.! :#the information i fill out #below) is about my wife, not me!	Knits
I tried this on at the store and had to buy this dress. it's adorable on and the fabric is really soft. very flattering too!	Dresses
Cute top, a little less fitted than i was expecting.	Knits
Great dress! i am always looking for knee length dresses that are comfortable and easy to wear. i am really active with my kids and this dress can be worn on a casual day with sandals or dressed up. the fit was flattering for me, although i am not very curvy and could see that it might not flatter all shapes. i am 5'5'' and 120 pounds and the size four fit great.	Dresses
I love these shirts. ordered in 2 colors and they are great with leggings and skinny jeans and scarves. so comfortable and on me a little long but not too long!! the fabric is fabulous and a great weight. one of my favorites for sure.	Knits
After reading the reviews, i decided to order this top. i was so pleased, and when i wore it for the first time, i had someone ask me where i got it. it is perfect with leggings because it is long enough to cover my leggings in the front as well as in the back. i want to order it again in different colors.	Knits
I very rarely pay full price for anything, let alone this much for a t-shirt. but i actually paid full price for this in two colors. that's how much i love this shirt. the pink and the turquoise are beautiful, and i'm thinking of asking for the mauve for christmas. i love how heavy the weight is, the length of the torso is long enough, the length of the sleeves is actually long enough. i love the ribbon down the back. it's flattering and comfy and perfect. i'm 5'8", 140lbs, 34b and the small fit	Knits
This dress is very clever. fabric is on thicker side so it eliminates any worries about dimples or imperfections. the tie at neck line is effortlessly sexy and not at all trashy as another reviewer felt. you could tie it if you didn't want any cleave, or leave it looser for more casual look. i got the small bc i felt comfortable with a little cling given how forgiving the fabric was. it still showed shape when i walked. i was surprised to like it as much as i did. husband insisted i get it becau	Dresses
I was excited to receive this top. it looked great online, vibrant colors with the beautiful detail on the sleeves. when i tried it on, the fabric looked and felt cheap. it is not a flowy top. do not recommend it.	Knits
This dress is one of the most beautiful dresses i have seen. purchased for my daughter . . . it was as if you made this dress for her. had to return it because the woven fabric was fraying around the back v neckline and zipper. was able to replace it, the replacement looks good -- have a concern about two areas but we will see. just love the lines and fit of this dress! truly hope the fabric holds up.	Dresses
Currently own this in 5 colors after originally buying one. i'm 5'10" normally wear a medium, bought a small in this. best material and fit overall, perfect length for long torso	Knits
I definitely would recommend this top. when i put it on i felt it was true to size, and fit me very well. sometimes my retailer tops tend to be a little roomy, but not in this case. the fit was very nice and its embroidery details make it a special look that i can throw on with my jeans and still look put together. i know this will be a top i wear often.	Knits
I bought this top on sale - very glad i did not pay full price for it! i wash everything before i wear it. when it dried i saw that there was a grease spot on the back and a small hole on one upper arm - i will probably be able to take care of the grease spot, but the hole will be a little trickier, as the material is kind of filmy.	Knits
I tried on 4 different dresses and every one of them had a slightly different, awkward hem line. they were asymmetrical but only a tad bit so it just looked crooked. finally found one that wasn't so bad but decided not to purchase because the perfect fit for my arms was too big in the boobs. i am a curvy, athletic build, with broad shoulders and small waist, for your reference.	Dresses
Love this top!!great colors and fits greatreasonably priced	Knits
Hangs terribly off the chest. tent-like. looks maternity. no thanks.	Knits
I found this top to run very large. i wear a medium in most retailer tops but often a large in other brands, i had to return this for a small. it was worth the effort however, extremely cute top that i can see wearing on its own or under a blazer for a night out.	Knits
This dress caught my eye in the store. it's lovely! i don't think i would've ordered it (it's hard to see the charm in the photo), but i tried it on because the colors are so pretty and the fabric has vintage look/feel, and i couldn't pass it up on sale. i usually wear a 6, but i bought an 8 because the saleswoman said the sleeves run small and there isn't any stretch in the fabric. both are true. i tried on both dresses in that size, because of color placement and to check on the sleeve size. b	Dresses
I am returning this dress as it looks pretty matronly once it's on. the top was also very tight in the arms and chest (i am 5'9", 140lbs, and 34d).	Dresses
I love the versatility of this top. i feel like i can wear it with anything to dress it up or down.	Knits
I love this dress! i would definitely accessorize with a belt. my body type fits best in this style of dress because i don't have a big bust size, if you do i would try it on first. for being shorter, 5'3", i love the length.	Dresses
This multi-season dress fits beautifully, the colors are vibrant and the skirt has a nice weight, drape and swing to it. the skirt is slightly asymmetrical as some reviewers noted but it's probably not noticeable to anyone but the wearer.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to a wedding and it is a stunner! really one of the most gorgeous dresses i've ever owned. it is very very fancy and really i'd say most appropriate for a black tie event, an evening wedding or a mother of the bride or groom. superb quality... just amazing! i have a few bryon lars dresses and this one seems to run about true to size. the others i own seem to run a little large.	Dresses
I ordered the purple color and the first time i wore it, i received multiple compliments on it. i noticed in the prior reviews that it runs big so i ordered an extra small instead of my usual small. it fits well other than the two buttons at the top of the neck are very small and difficult to button. i'm tempted to order the red color.	Knits
The dress looks great both in winter and summer, either paired with tights and a light jacket or on its own. it runs true to size--was able to buy it online. the fabric is great for all day wear--doesn't wrinkle too much.the only con is that the darts over the breasts are a little pointy for my taste, but i still love the dress.	Dresses
Was not flattering on my body - i have a fuller figure, and this just made me look like i was pregnant.	Knits
I love this dress, although the darting is terrible. the colors are much richer in person, it's a beautiful dress for events and has a nice weight so it doesn't feel too flimsy (since it is not lined). i really love the length of the sleeves and the swish of the skirt. however, the darting makes your bust have two little triangles- i really wish i could reseam the darting as it's a bit strange looking.	Dresses
This dress caught my eye online and i had to have it. when it arrived it was still just as pretty as i remembered. beautiful, vibrant colors and a unique oversized floral on a flirty, swishy fabric. unfortunately the cut was really strange. after reading several reviews i went with an xs, but i'm not sure a s would have solved all the fit problems i was having. while everything from the waist down fit perfectly, the arms were cut too tight, the chest was huge and yet i struggled to zip it up. an	Dresses
This is a beautiful top. i purchased this in the green/moss color. it's reminds me of a vintage looking blue-green. it fits generously, has more of a swing style to it. i love it! i think it is romantic and feminine. glad i made the purchase. simply beautiful.	Knits
Very pretty design. hugs the body correctly. it's a little tight in the chest for me - i'm a 34c (large c) and i have some back chub so i'm using this fact to motivate me to get in shape for the spring. keeping the dress and hoping for a better fit in a few months.	Dresses
What a pleasant surprise! hugs in all the right places and a nice substantial material!	Dresses
I am 5'8", about 140, athletic build. i purchased this dress for business meetings and such. i was worried the dress was going to be too low cut but i am small chested so i can wear lower cuts without exploding out of it. luckily this is the case here too! the dress has a professionally sexy look which i love. nice fabric, good quality. happy i bought it!	Dresses
I purchased this dress off the reviews.unfortunately i have to return it. i expected it to fit as they said. i am 5'1'- 120 lbs. 35/b-c. i got the s petite. i could not even get this dress on over my chest. the waist was on top of my chest. i really was disappointed . the material is so soft, i would have had to purchase a m in a regular to fit me. and it would have looked terrible on me. so, i would say, for a tall thin girl , yes , a short girl a no. and i am very petite.	Dresses
This dress has become a favorite in my rotation. the cut and print flatter my body and accentuate my waist. the print is subtle enough to pair with bold accessories.	Dresses
I am 5'3" 130lb and i bought this dress in a petite small which fit perfectly. the dress hugs my figure nicely. unfortunately, i found that the neckline is cut a bit too low to wear to work, at least for my own comfort level, but i just wear a camisole underneath it for work and without for a date. i was really pleased with the purchase of the dress.	Dresses
I ordered my usual xs petite, and it fit like a glove (115lbs, 5'1.5"). the v cut a little low, making this dress almost too sexy for work. cut is extremely flattering, and the coloring being so neutral is a step away from basic lbd. the length was pefect. material is stretchy, amking this slim fit comfortable.	Dresses
This dress is very pretty in person. it fits true to size and is very figure flattering. one other reviewer mentioned it is a bit low cut, but i think that can be resolved by wearing a cami underneath to cover cleavage. my only gripe with this dress is that it's a little rough and stiff feeling. i am really sensitive to that and only buy things that are velvety soft. it probably works for most people but not for me, so had to go back.	Dresses
Dress caught my eye on the rack so i thought i'd try it on. the dress has lovely blue stripes (hard to discern in the online photo) which makes it a great year-round piece. however, like others have commented, it is too low to wear to work. will consider alternations to close the v-neck if the dress is marked down beyond its current sale price.	Dresses
I love this dress! it fits me so well and is extremely comfortable. i can't wait until it gets a little warmer so i can wear it with a trench and cute flats or heeled sandals.	Dresses
Surprisingly versatile and figure flattering without being too clingy and revealing like so many "bandage" dresses. the navy color softens the stripes. great piece for travel as it is light and does not wrinkle. i am 5'7" and 125 lbs. with a smaller chest and curvy hips. the small fits perfectly.	Dresses
The top fits nice, but after one wear (didn't even washed it) the fabric was all fuzzy. would not recommend it.	Knits
Tried the xs on in store from an online return, loved the tailoring but the shoulder seams were a bit tight and i'm usually a s in most tops. ordered the s and while it was flowy like some mentioned, it was still tailored on top & flattering. also versatile - wore it with wide leg denim & wedges as well as cut off shorts & boots. my only complaint is as the others mentioned, the almost immediate pilling even before the wash. sad about it because i love it. will keep and give a little extra tlc.	Knits
Okay, i love the blouse this brand has in the same material, so i thought i'd delight in this dress. i am a 5'7" hourglass but have a longer torso. i ordered the large in this, usually a 10 or 12 fits me.. but the waist hit much higher than my natural waist, and yet it was somewhat tight and completely rigid. the bust area was a little loose, and i'm a 36c. then the bottom flared out in sort of a flower fairy poof above my knees which reminded me of a navy blue oompa loompa dress.. and i love my	Dresses
I am usually drawn to more color but the vertical and horizontal lines of this dress made me curious. the fit is absolutely incredible! i like the fact that it is very easy to put on without any zippers or buttons as well. it hugs your body in all the right places. i had no issue with the dress riding up and the way the designer placed the lines makes this one even more flattering. gorgeous dress!!	Dresses
I love the fabric of this dress and the way it fits, but it is too low for me i thought about putting a cami under it, but that would ruin the look of the dress. just an inch or so higher would have been much better. as much as i like the design and fit, i will be returning this dress.	Dresses
This dress seems quite high quality and is wonderfully designed, except in the chest. the wrap style hugs in all the right places but the chest. i'm slightly large chested (34c/d) but can usually wear a size small or size 4 in dresses and tops (5'5", 122 lbs). the small in this dress was great everywhere else, but i couldn't breathe and it totally flattened out my chest. also, it is quite low cut, so another mark against it for anyone with a semi-large bust. couldn't wear it to work that reason	Dresses
If you have an hourglass figure this dress accentuates your curves. i do need to wear a tank underneath as dress is low cut.	Dresses
I liked the understated colors of this dress, so i decided to try it on. i did not expect it to fit so well! i'm 5'3" with a large bust and large hips. the dress was super slimming and flattering, it skimmed my figure as if it was made for me. the only thing i'd have to fix is the shoulder straps being just a smidge too long, but i'm used to that with my height. the straps are positioned perfectly, my bra straps didn't even show. the material is very thin and light.	Dresses
First off, i love the dress! i love anything that you can throw on for a monday and be ready in 20 minutes. the material is good but the compartments for the bust do not hold a d+cup. i ordered the 6 and it fit perfectly except in the bust. easy fix, a white cami, the sale price makes that necessity acceptable. it's a keeper.	Dresses
I love the shirt and it runs true to size everywhere but the arm holes. i bought a size small and the length was great, the fit was great, but the arm holes were gappy and big. i had to return it and was bummed because i loved it otherwise.	Knits
I love love this top and bought it in both colors. it runs a tad big but fits me well. both l and xl fit me well, but the xl was longer so i have one in each size. i really like this top. it looks good, goes well with most pants especially blue, and is very comfortable. i am very happy with my purchase.	Knits
The fabric is too sheer, also looks like sleepwear. just not my thing.	Dresses
This dress is really fun and easy to wear all winter. the colors are really easy to pair and like the last reviewer mentioned, i love the sheer sleeves. i was very worried about the comfort of the fabric because most sweater dresses always fail. this dress is extremely comfortable to wear. it is not scratchy at all. it is soft and comfortable for winter even indoors with the building's heat blasting away. the dress will fit the size you normally wear, however it may show lumps and bumps. i would	Dresses
When this piece arrived, i was surprised at how weightless it was. there are 2 layers to it, an underlayer and then a very fine silk toplayer together, the ensemble is incredibly light and it is almost as though i feel like i am not wearing anything at all. to take it home, i did have to kind of stuff it in my bag, and this caused some considerable wrinkles which are very difficult to get out (super stubborn( but i am pleased with the look of the garment. usually, i like the look of a dress that	Dresses
This sweater dress is beautifully unique in that it has lovely sheer sleeves to dress it up, but it's made of a soft sweater material that feels comfortable, warm and wintry at the same time. it does run true to size, i ordered a small (5'5" and 118 lbs). knitted and knotted has come up with some killer sweater dresses this season!!!	Dresses
I have to say being a silk lover, decision was hard to make. the quality is phenomenal. i do agree to a reviewer that said it's pj like. i tried it with belt, didn't help much with the look somehow. it just felt empty. my daughter who i usually turn for opinions said "ewww, grandma"... i know, truth hurts.i can't exchange for a smaller size either because the fabric is not stretchy and i'm afraid the extra small would confine my arm movement. on top of that, the background is more peachy tha	Dresses
This ia very pretty dress. however, it is a unique design. i like the design of the dress, but i can see where some may not. i can't see a younger person wearing this. it is more for an older woman. the dress is so soft, does wrinkle easily, but just a beautiful pattern and comfortable. i can see some of my friends thinking this is too much like a nightgown, but i really love this dress!	Dresses
This dress arrived today in such a crumpled and wrinkled state that i was reluctant to even try it on. it is on the large size, but fine if you are looking for a very flowing look. longer at the front than shown in the photograph and i am 5'9". i am sending it back. it is a pretty fabric, although shinier than expected. i am just not prepared to spend so much time pressing and steam ironing this item every time i want to wear it.	Dresses
I do think this blazer is comfortable and looks decently cute, but wasn't sure about the fabric. hte coloring is fun too. i decided to pass on it only because of the previous review regarding shedding.	Knits
The fabric clung to my body i expected it to flow and be breezy, it was too flimsy, the arms were too wide and overall for $100 this dress didn't cut the mustard. i'm 5'7" 135 the dress was long enough, just didn't flow very well.	Dresses
This jacket isn't as structures as i thought but it is very comfortable. runs true to size and feels nice. i am looking forward to wearing this in the fall	Knits
This is such a soft, comfortable and well fitting blazer. i love the structured cut of a material that is usually used in more casual designs. i look forward to wearing it very often in the fall. so glad i purchased this one!	Knits
I absolutely love this jacket! i bought it and wore it to work to next day, and received tons of compliments! it is easy to move in as i have ark that required stretching and bending alot. i am 5 5 119 pounds and xs fit a well.	Knits
Cute, cool dress for hot summer days. very roomy. has pockets!	Dresses
I bought this for the office and received many compliments about it. it puts the outfit together just right and the material is very comfortable. it fits my need for comfortable clothing that still looks good enough for a business setting. this jacket is more comfortable (almost slouchy) than it is structured.	Knits
A wardrobe addition to dress up, or dress down.the sheer sleeves are a nice detail...(i'm 5'6", and the length hits me at the knee.)	Dresses
I have not had any sort of shedding problem with this jacket. i have worn it open with black jeans and a long necklace, and buttoned with a scarf and jeans. it is really cute! i am 5'4" and 115 lbs, and i got the small. i wouldn't hesitate, especially since it is now on sale.	Knits
I wore this dress for christmas and agree that it is beautiful (i received many compliments), while i agree that this sweater dress is beautiful, i'm a little worried about the quality. after just a day of wearing it, it seemed to have lost it's shape. the bottom hem of the dress looked stretched out and it sagged slightly all over. i'm 5'7", 135lbs and my typical size is a m/4 and the dress fit perfectly initially, but not so much by christmas dinner. i'm not giving up on it because i was still	Dresses
I'm not in love with this, but the husband thinks it looks cute and the sale price isn't bad so i'm keeping it. i got it in s, and am usually an xs or s in retailer tops (34b, 26 inch waist, 120lbs). if i had gone with xs it probably would've been too tight in the shoulders. however i could be 6 months pregnant and you wouldn't know it. it is very boxy in the torso, and i realize the design is for it to be flowy, as the back is partially split. but it looks relatively fitted on the model, which is	Knits
This dress is absolutely beautiful! the grey is more vibrant in real life than the picture suggests and the maroon red is perfect for fall and winter. seriously, this is not your typical sweater dress; the sheer sleeves elevate it to a whole other level. it comes to just above the knee on my 5'7" frame. it is a bit looser on top (i'm 32c) and more form-fitting around the hips but not tight or clingy. and so comfortable! i am 122 lbs and took my usual small so i think it runs true to size. the sl	Dresses
Love the lines of this tweed look jacket. pockets are a definite plus, as is the soft pleat in the back. this is a good piece to transition from winter to spring. it updates your jeans and soft t-shirt look.	Knits
The "peachy" color read as pretty gold on me, which i think was good for my pale skin and sandy hair. the lavender accent color is also very nice. forgiving fit, elegant fabric, pretty print, respectable hemline, super flattering neckline, love the pockets... all in all, i think this dress is a nice choice for day events.	Dresses
This dress is even better in person. the base color of the fabric is a very light peach, and very lovely. as you can see from the photos, the green floral pattern running up the front of the dress varies slightly from dress to dress, but i found the front on mine was very similar to the 1st photo. the bright green flowers are a light mint green, which plays beautifully with the light peach. there are more details in the print to discover in person, which is a nice bonus. the silk is not stiff li	Dresses
I really wanted to love this blazer...i've even tried it on several times hoping it would look better the next time around. (spoiler: it didn't :( ). overall, it makes me look pretty frumpy and not put together. i really love saturday/sunday brand and was hoping for a nice comfy blazer to wear to work. will be returning instead.	Knits
Nice quality, soft fabric, sleeves definitely make a unique statement. the fit worked for me, although it could have more room in hips (for my hourglass figure). got m, size l was way too big. i am 34d, but the dress can definitely accomodate bigger chest. the color are my favorites in this season.wear it to stand out!	Dresses
I love this piece, it fits well and is comfortable. you can dress it up or be more casual. i have received many compliments already and it goes with many of my outfits.	Knits
I wore this dress to nyc on a date. it was perfect...light, flowy, and lovely. the peach and green combination is really pretty, and i love the hemline, which is longer in the back than in the front. i can only say one thing: as i was walking down the street with my boyfriend, a total stranger (and not a crazy person) came up to us and told us we looked beautiful. enough said.	Dresses
I waited patiently for this dress to arrive in my local retailer store and loved the design immediately (the green motif). as others noted, it is on the flowly side. for this reason, i went with a size s. i wore it on easter and can't wait to wear it again. i did not have any issues with wrinkling or putting on the dress. it is a simple over the head, no fuss kind of dress. you get to be supremely comfortable and look like a goddess. this is one of those retailer pieces that you will have for years	Dresses
I want to say that i love this fabric design, combining some of my favorite colors -- greens and neutrals. however, this just didn't work for me:_______pros:- it does have a nice flow as others stated.- pockets are a surprise touch for a silk dress.- the slip inside is detachable._______cons:- as another stated, lots of wrinkles. it's the nature of silk unfortunately, which means more work for me. - length is too short in front for my personal liking. trend of these high-low he	Dresses
I wanted to buy my usual mp but was sold out and so was normal m. i got the regular l and it fits like a shift dress and does not enhance my curves. it looks like a luxurious knitted sack but i mean that in a good way. it is very comfortable, does not cling, and reaches just below my knees. i do worry about the stretch factor as other reviewers have noted but since i just received it we will see. i do not like the sheer sleeves. i wish i could take them off. i do not like the button loop at the	Dresses
I was expecting not to fit into this because i'm womanly, and generally wear a size 16 in things. but the picture was so gorgeous i had to try. i'm so happy i did. it slipped right on and is flowy yet not overly so. it still has shape. the colors are exactly as it is portrayed on the site. i love having this in my closet!	Dresses
I wear med or large in most items. the medium was huge. fit like a moo moo. size down by at least two.	Dresses
This dress is a work of art both online and in person. the color is more vibrant in person and both colors are beautiful. i like the mango color better because it looks better on my olive skin tone, plus i like the purple flowers against the orange background. thank goodness for the liner because this dress is very thin. it wrinkles easily but i think it comes with the territory due to the thin silk fabric. for short gals like me, a belt is a must for a structured look if worn with heels; otherw	Dresses
This jacket looked adorable on. it was also quite comfortable. however, it sheds and left fuzz on every dark surface it touched. sadly, this is a deal breaker for me.	Knits
I really wanted to keep this dress, and the material is amazing, so soft and gentle and delicate, the design is great, the front looks nice, but from back looks really awkward, big and kind of too loose!	Dresses
I absolutely love this top. it has a very classy look and can be used casual or dressy. i get lots of compliments.	Knits
I bought this dress in red for a wedding. i love the laser-cut design and the fit overall is good except, as another reviewer wrote, the psuedo-empire waste is likely not awesome for anyone with an average to longer torso. i have a super long torso and the dress still works, but a lower waist would have taken it from good to "wow". love the innovative take on a classic silhouette/design, though (and the red is gorgeous).	Dresses
This top is so cute! love the stripes in the red print and the detailing of the buttons. however, it does run slightly big! i'm 5'8", 145 and got the medium. it's so low in the front that i do have to wear a cami underneath. i see why they designed it a little larger since it comes up on the sides and it's supposed to be more of a relaxed fit. i typically love when shirts are long since i'm a little taller and this one hits perfectly in the front. it does dip down in the back and covers my bum (	Knits
This dress is definitely light weight and it requires a slip or you could wear a black tank and tights with boots. there wasn't a security tag in mine so no holes when i bought in store. i even accidentally caught it on a costume bracelet and it did not rip or damage. although, you probably wouldn't want to sit on concrete or rub against something rough. i would recommend this dress- its gorgeous on. for the price, i think it should come with a slip. fyi, the back half of the waist has elastic,	Dresses
I wanted to wait until i could give this dress a thorough wearing before i reviewed it. it exceeded my expectations! i wore it at an outdoor wedding (the red) and received so many compliments on it. it is well-constructed and the cutouts are gorgeous. no danger so far of them ripping or tearing. the zipper in the back is a little bulky for the dress, but not a major deterrent.i'm 5'6" and about 145lbs, and the size 6 (my usual retailer size) was perfect.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress. the cut out design is beautiful and it is very feminine. however, it does not really cut in at the waist and it left me feeling a bit boxy. i think if it cinched at the waist, it would be perfect. it didn't work out for me, but i think on the right girl, it would be very cute.	Dresses
This dress is perfect! i just bought it yesterday in store for a wedding i'm going to next spring. i got it in red, which is normally not a great color for me, but it's a darker red so it works. i love anything with cutouts so i was drawn to it immediately. i normally wear a 10 in a dress to accommodate my (rather wide) shoulders, and the 10 fit well. i can see it working for a variety of occasions. one big plus is the quality--this isn't even remotely flimsy.	Dresses
I ordered this dress, along with several others, for an upcoming wedding. this was my favorite of all of them as far as style; unfortunately it just didn't fit. i'm 5'2" 116lbs and my regular size 2 was slightly too long, the waist a bit too low, the shoulders a tad too wide. as a result it hung on me like on a hanger. i guess i would need a petite but alas does not appear to come petite...	Dresses
Got this dress for a party. it was a last minute purchase and i was nervous if it would fit. it not only fit, it looks great and is very comfortable. have to love an a-line skirt and a top with short sleeves. it covers everything while looking sexy. and i didn't have to spend a second worrying if something was showing that shouldn't be. got compliments all night. i got it in red and black but went with the red based on feedback from husband and bff. buy it now. its perfect for holiday p	Dresses
This is a beautiful top, but it runs large.i am exchanging for one size smaller.it is worth the effort of exchanging!well made, beautiful lace.	Knits
This is my new favorite dress. while elegant it isn't too fancy for a nice office environment. very comfortable and a perfect size fit. i would like it if it was in petite only to make it hit above my knee, not below since i am 5' 3" but not a big deal. everyone has complimented this dress!	Dresses
This dress fits perfectly. the cut is so flattering. i am tall but the length is great. not too short.	Dresses
I love this tee, it is comfortable and soft with the nice detail of buttons at the shoulders, a good v-neck, and subtle stripes. however it runs quite long! i thought i ordered the petite but i received a regular length tee and it was down to my thighs. so order a petite unless you are quite tall or like a tee to fall that low over your hip area.	Knits
What a lovely top! the embroidery makes this simple top very special. it's too light-weight for january but will be a staple of my wardrobe come spring.	Knits
I love this dress. i'd get it in both colors if i could! the cut and fit is beautiful, i'd suggest sizing down if you feel like it's too boxy or lacks shape. the bottom skirt is round enough to where you can twirl ( #1 thing to look for in a dress ;) ) and it's just overall a classic pretty dress. my only complaint is that the overlay cut out seems a little bit delicate and i'm afraid it will be ruined after a few wears but it seems to be holding up fine so far and isn't incredibly delicate like	Dresses
I bought the red motif for my summer wardrobe; i'll be on the road for most of the month of august and wanted to create a super comfortable capsule wardrobe that would launder without ironing. this top is well made, super soft, and works well with jeans, capris, skirts, and leggings due to its longer length over my posterior. i should have read the other reviews first though, this is a tad large and i needed to us invisible tape to keep everything from hanging out the front. i ordered a medium a	Knits
I originally ordered the peach stripe tee in my normal size, medium. after going to the store and trying another color on in a small i realized i should have sized down. i have since purchased the blue stripe in the smaller size. i love the fit and the colorful stripes of both. great light-weight, casual tee. i love the button details on the shoulder.	Knits
I cannot give this dress enough praise!! i say it runs a little large because i'm normally an 8 but the 6 was just more flattering. i wore it for a wedding and i was showered with compliment after compliment about the dress! i've never felt more beautiful, and wish i could have one in every color! and quality? absolutely amazing.	Dresses
More of a blouse than a tee because of the fabric which has a linen feel to it, on the front, the back of the top is more of a tee shirt material. not a travel top as it would wrinkle. the pattern and colors are the same as pictured. the sizing is large - i ordered an xs; my size is usually a small. it is a generous fit and boxy, not shaped at all. the back has a horizontal stitch band about half way down which provides a loose blouson effect.the back (which is all black and is tee shirt fabric)	Knits
On the hanger, this dress looks a bit boxy, however once on, it has a beautiful flow and elegance to it. it's super feminine and cinches in at the waist perfectly. my one (major) complaint that prevented me from purchasing the dress? there's no give to the dress. i wasn't able to lift my arms up past 90 degrees and that's sort of a problem. it's a shame though because the outside shell is gorgeous and so structured, and it would have been a nice contrast to the shape of the dress on a body.	Dresses
Ordered this in xs my normal size (5'5" 110 lbs) and it was huge! did not particularly care for the style either nothing special.	Knits
Gorgeous laser cut top layer in a true vermillion red, oh la la! style is feminine, elegant, and appropriate for all ages. i plan on wearing this for the upcoming holiday season as well as valentine's day 2017! quality is top notch and fit is true to size all be it a little snug in the sleeves. for reference i'm 34e-30-40 and the size 8 worked, i would have like to have tried the 10 but the store only had an 8. the arms are a little snug, nothing uncomfortable, just snug. length is below kne	Dresses
I bought this dress with a specific occasion in mind. i could not turn it down because it fit like a glove. i love the cut and the length.	Dresses
The blouse is beautiful. the quality and design are spot on. but it runs quite large. i normally wear a small or an extra small depending on the cut. i ordered this in a small based on the way it seemed to fit the model. it's huge. i'm going to have to reorder in a smaller size, but i'm not sure if the xs or xxs will fit better. i'll probably drive to my retailer store and try it on in person. for comparison, i am 116 pounds, 36-26-36.,	Knits
I knew i had to have this shirt when i saw it online. the embroidery is almost like english smocking. i was not disappointed when i opened my package. the only flaw i've noticed is that it does "pucker" slightly around the shoulders and chest area due to the tight embroidery not allowing it to stretch. it is not terribly noticeable though. lovely shirt all around.	Knits
I tried this on in my regular size and a size up. just didn't work in either. the attached slip bunched underneath and the material was rough. i did not purchase it.	Dresses
Full disclosure, i'm six months pregnant. as such, this dress is perfect for me. it's soft and flown, and i look like i have a cute bump instead of like i'm wearing a sack. i ordered my usual medium based on other reviews, and t fits perfectly--so it would have been too big normally.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to an out of state wedding. first time wearing, when i tied the strap, the pull through at the top of the halter broke with minimal stress. i sewed it back with a repair kit from the hotel but was worried the whole night the dress would not hold up. if this is all that is holding the dress on, it should be more secure with reinforced stitching. beautiful material and comfortable.	Dresses
I bought both colors. the navy is beautiful but the grey is closer to a drab beige and the color really disappointed me, i'll be returning that one. i love love the fit and feel of the sweater. it drapes wonderfully whether open or closed and it's so soft. however, the fabric pilled significantly, big pills not even little ones, where my arms touch my sides after just four wears. !!! i get that rayon is finicky but that is ridiculous. the navy is now out of stock in my size so i guess i'll try t	Knits
I wanted to love this. couldn't wait for it to arrive. unfortunately, it doesn't look anything like the picture. i usually wear a m/l in holding horses so i ordered a l but as soon as i held it up i noticed it was ridiculously large. the fabric is on the heavy side so the dress just hangs in a very unflattering way. and, it is extremely shimmery. i love velvet, but the texture and sheen of this dress was just over the top. sadly, it is going back.	Dresses
I bought the "light grey" color. the dress in the photo does not look a thing like the dress in person, it does not look grey at all but more of a light teal/light blue. it is absolutely gorgeous and has a slight swing shape. i took my normal size xs. the end of the sleeves (where the buttons are) are very tight but still fit, you just have to be careful taking off or else undo the buttons. also online inventory says no one has this in store, but i did end up finding it (rockefeller).	Dresses
On the hanger, this looks like a great lbd. on me, not quite. the bell shape of this dress made it appear that i was carrying extra weight in the middle. for reference, i tried a 0p, and i'm 5,1", 102#, and 34a.	Dresses
I ordered this and there is just so much fabric! in the pictures i think it is pinned in the back, in the main photo, to make it look more streamlined. definitely a miss!	Dresses
This dress is cute!! i ordered my regular xs which was too large but liked it enough to exchange for an xs petite and hopefully the fit will be better. (the xs was much too wide and came past my knee. i'm 5'2' and 123 for reference). the grey is very pretty and is blueish gray... very misty and unique. the pockets are awesome and i like that it's lined in a fine poly that shouldn't cling to tights, etc in the winter. if you can find a size that fits you, buy it!	Dresses
I always search each summer for a maxi dress and this is the winner this summed! i love the way it wraps. fits perfectly. i got a size medium and i am 5'5 34dd; the dress is long enough to wear with flats or heels. i recommend this!	Dresses
I was really hoping this dress would work out, as it looks like it could be a staple outfit for work! the material is very nice, but unfortunately the dress was way too big. there is a band right under the chest that i would think should be somewhat fitted to give the dress some shape to your figure, but it was wayyy to big on me (especially considering i am large-chested! i will be returning this.	Dresses
I found this dress delightful! i have worn it numerous times and though quite long (for some girls) fits me well. my only complaint is that if the wind blows it tends to fly open as there is only on clasp at the breast. the fabric is light and comfortable, i wore it in costa rica and it felt refreshing. i am 5'9", 155 lbs and a 34a cup; i would suggest a larger size for girls as the small fit me very well.	Dresses
This dress is too short for me to wear as a dress, at 5'7" and over 40. however is is great with leggings and boots.it drapes nicely not over sized like many dresses this style. the color is more earthy than pictured. it's actually nicer in person than online. and it has a wonderful texture to it. i was drawn to it when i walked in the store they had it on display under s short cropped jacket and boots.	Dresses
This is a really cute and flattering dress on me. i am 5'4" 120 lbs and the 4 is a perfect fit. i am a little busty but the empire seam brings the dress back in slightly below my chest so it does not tent out.the asymmetrical hem makes it really flowy when you walk. the under dress is a lightweight fabric in a sheath cut that is shorter than the over dress which is a fun detail. the over dress material is somewhat gauzy and it moves as you move. the pockets are positioned in the front which is a	Dresses
Very comfortable to wear. you can wear it any season. it runs true to size. nice fabric. it&amp;#39;s a simple black dress. love it!	Dresses
I ordered a size 0. the dress was extremely large. i am 5'2 and weigh 110. i guess you really must be 5'9 like the model to wear this dress. such a shame..	Dresses
I wanted a comfortable and loose casual dress. i liked the pictures and decided to give it a try.the dress turned out to be too loose (i got size 4 after checking the measurements chart, i'm 5'7' 125 lb and usually wear s). i could practically wrap myself in this dress. besides, it looks a bit too long (well, i'm not as tall as the model in the photos and i don't like wearing high heels).the material looks faded, not as bright as in the pictures. i like distressed and vintage style, but this	Dresses
This dress fits great. i love that it's fitted at the top but drapery and swingy at the bottom. it has a thicker t-shirt type fabric. i will definitely style this with a variety of necklaces or a scarf and cardigan for cooler weather. it's much cuter in person. for reference i'm 5'4 105 and got xs.	Dresses
This is quite an odd dress. it does wrap and is beautiful material. however, the dress does not close at all in the chest area. i thought perhaps it was meant to be a kimono. it will go back for sure.	Dresses
Love the colors and pattern. i am normally a m/l. i ordered a large as that's all they had in stock and it fits fine though the medium would probably have fit a little better for me. it is very long, even for me and i'm 5' 9.	Dresses
This dress just feels and looks amazing. i love how it isn't too short like a lot of new styles. i think it will be wonderful with leggings or tights in the winter. i also love the plaid cuff detail. the only drawback is the buttons need to be reinforced. i got home and realized one button was missing. i went to the store to swap for a new one and when i went to cuff the arms, 2 buttons popped off!	Dresses
It is such a pretty dress. the pics don't do this dress any justice. the cut and style is so flattering. the colors are gorgeous. you can wear it on a cool evening in summer and well into fall. i absolutely love this dress. even if the material appears a bit rough, there is a slip underneath.	Dresses
This dress is so soft and cozy and pretty. love the shine and interesting sheen whenever you move. very comfortable and looks great with a variety of layers. i want to buy more colors but right now i just have the mauve. ordered size m and i'm 38-27-35 #135.	Dresses
The colour is gorgeous but it's basically a baby doll dress - it looks like the waist is much lower on the model but for my height and large chest it' fell like a baby doll or a maternity dress. not flattering. pockets are a nice touch though.	Dresses
I ordered this online with out trying it on the store. it does hang a teeny bit loser than in the photo of the model but in my opinion doesn't look bad. plus, i'm not a model...;) what i did was put a thick belt on and it just brought the dress to a new level. love it with a belt. i am an art teacher and it was perfect for work and then going out after with friends. (the school is not secular so the skirt must be long enough (it hit right above my knees in the front) as well as the sleeves) i ag	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous yet sturdy, it is all about the lace. size regular 4 fit my chest area well and i like the midi look (i am 5ft2in, 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). whether regular or petite size, when i walked or turned, the pleats added too much volume and looked overwhelming and no shape. i tried it with a belt and it looked better, but looked odd because the pleats poofed at the belt area. i tried with a sweater, jacket...then finally gave up. it would look gorgeous on a tall thin gal.	Dresses
This dress is modern yet timeless, cute yet rock and roll if worn with boots. i am 36b, 26 waist, 36 hips, and size regular s fits well. i like regular size because it is longer in the torso (lengthens waist for a belt) and the length is right above the knees, appropriate for work. the bust area fits me perfectly so well-endowed ladies may want up a size. i am into grey now but all colors are gorgeous, love the sheen, colors are true like shown (1 star off for hi price for a simple dress).	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store. i wear either a s or xs in retailer clothes. its loose fitting, so i went with the xs. the arm holes were tight, but have very cute buttons if you look closely at the picture. you can also roll the sleeves up and there is a coordinating plaid underneath, which adds a nice touch. great length, not too short or too long. the grey color is much prettier in person. i felt it had a little more of a blue tint. for reference i am 5'6", 124 lbs, and 32b.	Dresses
I originally bought the white lace version of this dress, but it felt too "bridey?" then i snagged all three of the velvet blazers and spotted this black version. i like that it is not all lace, with the pleated chiffon "center." the under slip is straight and fits with the outer layer sheer enough to give the appearance of there being a shape under the flow. it is so versatile as i can do it with the velvet blazers and booties or classic lbd with black pumps. well worth the price as this will f	Dresses
I got this sweater in navy and it is much cuter than online! it is a great transition sweater and also i can see it used on cool nights at the beach. i have worn in professional environment to work as well as with a tee and jeans. i love it!	Knits
This dress arrived today, and it is both flattering and comfortable. i am just a smidge under 5'4", and i ordered a regular xs. in the front, it hit me about 3" above the knee. it is office appropriate for a business casual environment. the red was deeper in color than i expected (it seemed a little "brighter" on my monitor), but this is no problem for me; it is still a great color. i tried it with clogs, knee boots and ankle boots - all really cute. and, as and added bonus, it looks good with b	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress - it is gorgeous on the model, but unfortunately for me, it didn't fit right. i'm petite and ordered the xxs petite. it was snug in the upper body and looked like i was wearing a baby-doll dress. the material is high quality and i love the burnt red color. it just didn't fit right. definitely looks great on the model, but hung funny on me. i can see why it was highly rated, gorgeous dress - just not on me.	Dresses
Love the dolman sleeves and its the perfect length. throw on a cute necklace and go.	Knits
Beautifully fitting. simple and flattering. i am an athletic size 8/10. the 10 fits well but the straps may have to be taken in a little.	Dresses
What a perfect summer dress! after reading the previous review i ordered a size up and it's perfect. the slip is a little snug on the hips, but most dresses are on me so i think on most people it would fit very well as long as you ordered one size larger. i can't wait to wear this while traveling through europe next summer!	Dresses
This was my first time to purchase and wear a tunic and i was very hesitant about the look, but i love this design! it is beautiful and seems to be very well made. i agree with a previous reviewer that the slit is high (it comes to my waist, but i don't think it is a problem. i always appreciate this in other reviews, so hopefully it helps: i'm 5'2", 117 lbs, and a small 32b. the xs works well for me.	Knits
I am so pleased with this tunic. the fabric heavy enough to wear through winter, and it is very flattering. the colors are as pictured, as well. as another reviewer mentioned, the slit is high. but it still works perfectly with leggings or mid to high rise skinny jeans.	Knits
Classic and beautiful style. structured material that will always fall just right. looks beautiful and will take you to any occasion - heels or flats, office or dinner party. definitely shows off your shoulders.	Dresses
When i saw this in store i was so attracted to the colors on the v neck and actually thought it was a dress! until i tried it on i was confused about the very high side slits.... then i figured it was a tunic. i've always hated/avoided tunics because i thought they would widen my thighs and give me a bad shape. they actually made me look straighter/slimmer which looked amazing! the more i had it on, the more i fell in love with it and didn't want to take it off! i can wear it in the winter and f	Knits
I saw a review from another petite person who said this runs small, but i'm my case it ran true to size. it's a very flattering dress and easy to wear for any occasion.	Dresses
First, let me start out by giving a reference. i am 5'1", 138lbs, 34dd, 30, 38. i usually take a size 8 in maeve, esp if there is no give. i bought a regular size 6. first the good: the design. it is classy. it will keep boobies (the ones of the larger side) in place. this is amazing as there isnt really a way to wear a bra with with dress. it is slimming and i have hips. the bad: surprisingly, the fabric gets dirty super easy. i have no idea why everything clings to it. i got my dress f	Dresses
I picked this dress up off the rack on a whim, and did not expect to love it. i was so delightfully surprised! this dress is made of a lovely, thick, starchy cotton--i found i didn't require a bra. which is great because the back is a gorgeous feature of the dress. the white band across the midsection makes the waist appear small. the dress has sort of a retro feel with the tea length and looks best with heels. i did note a little bit of gaping under my arms but not enough to keep me from buying	Dresses
Matronly and unflattering. i think this may work on a very tall and slender body type.	Knits
The design/pattern balances broader shoulders/narrower hips and gives my straighter waist definition.at 5'1", size 2 ended mid-knee, but overall felt a little too long (torso length). i normally take 0p or 00p in retailer dresses.i like the feel of the fabric and the overall playful yet chic look.	Dresses
I ordered this in my usual size small (36b bust, 5'5", around 116 lbs), but the seam around the high waist stuck out and didn't cinch in at the waist at all, rather bubbled out a bit. the tunic "flaps" laid strangely as well, like they were too small almost. the high cut sides were indeed high cut...showing the waistband of my leggings. apparently that is a new style, as i have seen a few other tops like it around, but i question whether slits that high are appropriate for actual wear outside on	Knits
This dress fits true to sizing for this dress designer (i.e.: a little on the large side as compared to other dressmakers). it is very flattering on and is made of cotton sailcloth, so it is not "flowy".	Dresses
This is a very cute tunic, but it is slit so high on the sides. i really like the fit, but i think i'm going to return it because it is slit so high.	Knits
This dress had so much potential. the top was absolutely gorgeous. my issue was with the bottom half of the dress. the bottom is made from a heavy quilted material that is stiff and has no movement at all. the dress is supposed to fit like a modified mermaid dress where its more fitted around the hips and flares out, the dress i received had so much material on the bottom that it actually made my hips look bigger. i though about having the dress altered but decided to return instead.	Dresses
I absolutely adore this dress. i took my time buying it and when i was ready to purchase they were sold out of my normal size 6 but the 8 was still available, so i snagged it. i'm glad because the dress runs small and the size 6 would have been snug around the waist. the style is perfect and the dress is well made. the material is a heavier cotton and the white banding accents it perfectly. i don't think it's too white, like some reviewers have stated. you can't wear a bra with this dress, but t	Dresses
Loved the dress, but the white of the dress was neon white, way too bright and made it look terrible against my skin. i can imagine this looking good on someone with darker skin. but i"m my pale skin it looked bad. otherwise the fit was great, besides missing out on the petite sizes which are sold out.	Dresses
I bought this in blue and can't wait to wear it, feels so soft. exactly like the picture.	Knits
This tunic was a surprise - the navy color and the knit material and the colorful designs on the front just accentuates the tunic. however, i agree with the previous reviewer about the high slits and it's pretty wide, better if it was a 1/4 or 1/2 inch less. fits tight on the arms and shoulders but a bit loose below the bodice.i cut the tags to wear it and found out that part of the embroidery on one of the designs had unraveled!sadly returning.	Knits
I got this for a special event and while i had to special order due to it not being in my local store yet, the minute i tried it on was very happy with the fit, feel and overall look. at the event i got so many compliments and love the way it fits - attractive, sturdy and very comfortable to wear, even with kicking up my heels on the dance floor. am so happy i got this and plan to wear it to other events coming up (weddings, parties, etc.)	Dresses
I usually wear a small, 4 or 6 and in this dress i couldn't even zip up the 8. so tight in the rib cage and chest. if i tried to go up even further the bottom half got much bigger. guess this one is not for me.	Dresses
Oh my, i just received my dress and it is gorgeous!. i was a little skeptical with the reviews but i am on the slender side so perhaps that is the body type it works for. i am 34b with a 25 waist. i got a size 0 and it fits well. i am 5'5" and the length is good too, not too long. i could wear reasonable heel/wedges. it is a great class, sophisticated look. the material is great quality. i can't wait for an occasion to wear it to!	Dresses
I just received this dress and i love it. after reading the reviews i was worried that it would be too tight so i ordered both a 6 and an 8. i am 5'8", hourglass, 135 lbs, and the 6 is just perfect. i love how it falls just below the knee, but the front slit gives it that little flirt factor. this is the go-to summer dress i had been looking for!	Dresses
I should have heeded the previous reviewer's advice. but i'm really short so i thought i'd give it a try. there is something really wrong with the bust. first, it's about 3-4 inches higher than it should be. the bottom trim cut across the middle of my bust. even if i hoisted everthing up in there to fit the cups, they are really only designed to fit cones, not curves. from the side it looked hideous. too bad, because the fabric and fit everywhere else is gorgeous.	Dresses
I am 5'8" 140 lbs., 34b, and i ordered the 6 in denim. the dress is certainly tts: the 6 fit like a glove but wasn't at all tight. perhaps my expectations were too high with this dress--based on the other reviews, i thought that it would be perfect for my pear-shaped figure. however, i found that the a-line skirt accentuated my lower half, thereby making me look larger than i am, so i sent it back. otherwise, this is a great dress. it certainly did manage to hide lumps and bumps in spite of bein	Dresses
Yay, i found it: my go-to dress for this summer! it's perfect for casual day-to-day stuff, as well as summer festivals, nights out, travel, etc. i love the design, length and fit. it's a bit snug in the chest area but i went with the smaller size as the shoulder straps sagged a bit in the larger size. the lace-up front gives it a sexy corset-type bodice, but in a very casual, appropriate way. i think this dress will work well with many body types and ages, it's flattering for us curvier ladies,	Dresses
I love this dress. i got it in the blue and i feel like everything about it is so modern and class and summery. it runs a bit on the small side. i'm between a 6 and an 8 - i went with the six, but it's definitely tight. i have a larger chest, and it's pretty low and sexy, though you could knot the laces at the top for a more modest neckline. i've also put shirts under it and it's a super cute jumper. i'm 5'1 and the dress (regular, not petite) hits right below my knee.	Dresses
I?ve been looking at this dress online for some time now, but i?ve been put off by the photo of the woman wearing it on the boat. it just did not seem right. but then i saw it in the store and i was sold on it. it is a wonderfully soft, linen dress. it is a bit tight in the midriff, so i had to size up a bit. i usually wear a size 2, but went with size 4 this time. size 4 fit perfectly. it is comfortable, easy to wear, just the right amount of sexy. it will be a nice every day dress for summer i	Dresses
Love this dress. i have it in white. just washed it in cold water in the machine and it still looks like new. very cute and comfortable. i stitched up the slit a bit, i am older, but otherwise, perfect.	Dresses
I absolutely adore this dress! the beautiful details and shape make it so much more unique and special than your typical linen dress. it's effortless, yet still a showstopper. i am a size 4 with hourglass shape and my normal size 4 it fits me like it was made for me. it's not too tight in the ribcage, yet it is slimming and flattering. not matronly at all! the laces can be worn tied up for a more modest look, or worn untied for a breezy, casual, a bit more sexy look. i will be wearing this dress	Dresses
Yes! yes! yes! i buy a lot of dresses from retailer, and about once a year i hit the jackpot with a dress that hits all the marks! this dress is it!i bought the white linen version on a whim. i never buy white dress because, 1. i don't want to look bigger than my pear shape already is, and 2. i like red wine and i that's risky in a white dress! i don't know how this designer did it, but this dress is amazing! it's slimming and flattering and summery and current. and i am two sizes bigger	Dresses
I saw this dress online and loved it. i ordered the blue denim one in my usual sizes an 8 and 10, but i think the 10 was sized wrong. anyhow, both were too small, so when i returned them, they were in the store! i ended up with a size 12 which fits great, with a little bit of room. it is light weight, simple but fun and very comfortable to wear. i have received many compliments on it on my first day wearing it. i also ordered it in white, thinking that i might prefer that color, but when it arri	Dresses
I'm always looking for pieces that would good for either layering or worn alone. this looks cute on the model, but when i received it, it's actually very flowing. i wanted more of a straight cut. doesn't work very well on my body. i'm 5'3, 123 lbs., 34-d. it's going back.	Knits
I am now the third person to try this dress and return it for the same reason. the empire waist is too high and hits across the bust instead of underneath it. i can't imagine how they got it to fit this model so well. i am petite and i really love the idea of a maxi with sleeves, so i decided to try it even through the two previous reviewers reported this issue. unfortunately, i had the same problem. i am a c+ cup size. perhaps this would work on a very thin figure with a small bust. i ordered t	Dresses
The double seams down the front of this elongate; the material is light and would work spring through summer, kind shape. even though the dress hits below the knee, the buttons end mid thigh and make it cute rather than matronly. here's the but:the rib cage area is very fitted. i'm a 6-8, in pretty good shape, and that is not a "problem area" for me. however, in this dress, it was. there was no way for my figure to pull it off. from behind, in both 6 and 8, every bundle of skin seemed ample. i	Dresses
I love this dress! it is more of a thick cotton linen than actual denim. it fits true to size in the sense that i am usually a size 6, but i would say it is smaller on top than normal size 6 dresses. i am 5' 8", small busted, and a "pear" shape, so i like the more fitted style of the top with the a-line skirt. i love the length hitting just below the knee. it is flattering for my body type. seems well made and at a good price point.	Dresses
I ordered the white "denim" online and was very disappointed by how thin the material was. i had tried on the light blue denim in the store and it had a nice weight to it. the style is wonderful and the fit is very flattering, but too sheer for me to wear outside the house!	Dresses
This dress is cute and the a line style is quite flattering. a few minor issues: fabric is linen not denim as the name states, petite sizing is still a little large and back zipper doesn't zip down far enough to step into so has to be pulled over head (not that big of a deal). for reference i'm 5'4, 120, 32d and i ordered a petite size 4 and it was a bit large and fell bellow my knees. will be returning for a size 2. fingers crossed!	Dresses
A couple of months ago i bought the white in this top in my usual size small. it's cute & flowy & like to wear it with ankle or capri leggings. have worn with shorts as well. casual & cute! plus i love cotton anyways. 5'3", 117#. think i'll go ahead with the other colors since the heat will be arriving soon....	Knits
I did not experience the issues the other reviewers mentioned. wore this to a wedding last month and received many compliments. beautiful, comfortable dress. the bust fit well -- slightly large on me (i am *just* a b) in the size i needed, but not horribly so. love this dress!	Dresses
This dress is very feminine and flattering on, especially for hourglass figure gals. i usually wear size 4 regular in this brand but i sized up to 6 regular (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). when it's very fitted on top, i like my dress to be a bit longer. the bottom hem falls about 2 inches longer on me than shown on the model (i'm 5'2"). it feels tight when first zipped because the dress is cut to fit the curves of a woman, but it loosens up after a few minutes of wear. the design of this dress is	Dresses
This dress makes me looks curvy,thin and sexy! i tried on almost every dress in the store in every style. this one was a winner. i bought 2 others but this one was my favorite. i'm 5'5" 130 (32dd) sz4 fit perfect. the picture on-line does not do it justice - you must give it a chance and try it on for yourself. it looks like an average dress on the model - if you have curves you'll love this dress!	Dresses
I actually love the fit of this t. the photo of the model does make it look more of a straight fit - but i love that it has more of a flared shape. the armholes are high enough that it covers that bit of arm chub i hate, it swings out enough that it looks a little dressy and a little more special than your basic t, and it drapes nicely even over my curvy shape.	Knits
The fabric and its texture didn't meet my expectations unfortunately. there were too much fray and cast-off of edge yarns of a fabric... however this will fit if you wear over the swimming wears.	Dresses
This dress is tricky. the fabric is very thin and the under slip it comes with runs small. i wear it with my yoga shorts underneath. the fabric is a very thin linen. my husband loves me in this dress so that a huge pro. its very light and cool perfect for the summer time.	Dresses
This dress is amazing. it is comfortable with great fabric and very high quality. if you have a lot of curves it may not be the best dress as it has no give and flows straight down from the shoulder.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous!! amazing colors, drape and bra friendly if ur not too big chested. i can wear this w a strapless bra and the tie in back does work.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress, it looks beautiful on the model but it isn't the flattering, even on sale i am not sure if it would be worth it, it it runs pretty big.	Dresses
When this dress first showed up online, i liked it, but didn't buy it because i wasn't in love. retailer weekend popped up, so i decided to take advantage of the 15% off and ordered this dress. it shipped to me in no time! the dress is beautiful. the fabric is soft and airy. this is the first "off the shoulder" dress that actually stays off the shoulder. no riding up, no fussing! i suggest sizing down because this dress is slightly flowy.	Dresses
This dress is so versatile. great summer wear!	Dresses
I was so excited for this dress.. but sadly it did not meet expectations. the gauze fabric already had several snags/pullers in it. the underslip was very short and just cleared my derriere.(i'm 5'7") i normally take a 10/12 and ordered this in a l.. it was somewhat clingy in the hip area but yet bulky on top. also, i like to have the first button open, but you could then see the v neck of the underslip and it looked hokey. it's definitely a thicker material than the previous plaid tunic holding	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it. i am usually a petite, so i knew it would hit me just above the ankle, but it works! what is lacking from the description is the under slip that comes with the dress. it is a knee length, cotton jersey slip that is bulky and uncomfortable - thus the 4 star rating instead of 5 star. i won't use the slip, so this makes the dress fairly sheer when backlit. otherwise, the dress is well made and the addition of the piping at the seams makes it special. i	Dresses
The photo does not do this top justice. if you pull the tie a bit, it shapes the blouse a bit. i have a few work tops from retailer that i treasure -- they look good, wear well, wash easily and drip-dry perfectly. this top fits the bill too. and it goes with navy, black or even wine-colored pants. grab one!	Knits
Way too big and unflattering. i would love it to look like it does online but it's huge in person.	Knits
This dress set my heart a-flutter, but i had quite a time figuring out the sizing. i literally ordered six different sizes, and when i put them on, they all seemed to look like a very beautifully embroidered and elegant tent. if only i could just nip it in a tiny bit at the waist! then it would look like the model does! (i actually think they probably pinned the back of the dress to get it to fit on the model).so i played around with it and ended up putting in 2 small darts in the front. and v	Dresses
I loved this top but the cut was too short in the waist for my 5'8" frame. wish it came in a tall size!	Knits
Perfect top! i love the mix of materials, silky in the front and comfy knit in the back. the tie on the side is adorable and adds a little something special to the shirt. happy!	Knits
I ordered this dress to wear for summer weddings this year. i am both surprised and excited that it fits.i normally wear an 18, sometimes a 16. stores like retailer are a place i go to admire fun cloths, but not to actually shop. i was concerned that the xl was going to be a fake xl- this happens sometimes. a brand only makes clothing up to a 12, so they're xl is really a 12. but not so! i feel like the xl could fit a 16 - 20. the l would probably fit a 16 as well.this dress fits in	Dresses
I am 5'1'' and most normal size retailer tops are too big on the armpits and neckline for me.i don't usually go for peplum, but i was drawn to this top bc it was very soft. when i tried it on, everything fit just perfect and length was also right for me. i like slight stretch of this fabric which hugs body nicely. i would say you should get a size that fits nicely on chest area.	Knits
I have been eyeing this top online and initially thought it was very fitted and structured as it appears on the model. upon trying it on at the store, i agree with other reviewers it is a tad boxy. i ended up sizing down to a small and it fits nicely. (5' 8", 145, usually i take a medium or 6/8 in retailer tops). i can see where this might not work for everyone, but i found it to be a fun take on a classic "tweedy" look. i plan to add a pop of color with jewelry or even pair it with the pin	Knits
This dress is lovely and the fabric is sensational.the slits on the two sides of center front are really cool too.i am 5'7 and it was way too long and i would not have it hemmed at it would remove the gorgeouslotus pattern near the base of the skirt. i only wear flats at 70 but hope this fabric appears somewhere elsesometime. it is truly a gorgeous dress for a taller person.	Dresses
I want to love this shirt but it isn't happening. the proportions shown on the model are not how this shirt ends up fitting. the fabric is super soft and the pattern is great, if the fit works for you.	Knits
This top is totally adorable. it's one of my favorite retailer tops this season. i wear it with jeans or even red skinny pants and i get tons of compliments on it. it fits true to size and the material is washable and durable.	Knits
I was looking for a lightweight top to wear with black linen trousers to a party, i was not sure of this top seeing it on a slender model (i am a more typical 50 year old mom body) and i have never worn a peplum style. i put it on for my husband and approved, so i wore it. i received many compliments - a few from good friends who congratulated me for going out of my 'comfort zone' with the style!	Knits
No. this is one of the most unflattering things i've ever put on my body. i'm a very well-proportioned hourglass - i tend to wear a small despite a booty and 36d chest - this made me look huge. don't do it.	Dresses
I like this top. i received a ton of compliments when i wore it to work, but the material doesn't feel as high-quality as i had expected from the pictures online. it wasn't worth it to me to send it back, but i doubt i would have bought it if i had tried it on first.	Knits
Another excellent maxi dress by ranna gill. usually this brand of dresses tends to run small in the bodice requiring me to go up a size but i found that this dress ran true to size. i got a petite as well cause the standard size was a touch too long for me. very happy with the color, quality and uniqueness of the dress!	Dresses
I'm 5 ' 5" and 132 lbs., 34d and the size m is perfect. i will probably wear a thin, long cami under it as it is slightly see through. it doesn't gape under the arms like some sleeveless items...it fits smoothly. as the other review mentioned, it would be a perfect swim suit cover up. but i'm going to wear it more as a casual, very versatile, perfect for a hot day summer dress!	Dresses
This top is amazing. so soft and the off the shoulder part stays where it belongs. i'm usually a large but got this in a med. fits perfectly.	Knits
Really like this top. colors are great for summer into fall and beyond. can be worn on or off shoulder. it is longer, but not tunic length. covers your bum. i haven't loved a couple of other off shoulder tops i got at retailer, but this one i do. the fabric isn't "puffy" so i don't balloon out under the bust. i am 5'6" 123lbs and 32d. got the small because i wanted length. would have even got the medium but the neckline was too wide.	Knits
This is the perfect dress to transition into fall, either dressing it up with wedges or down with a leather jacket. i have never purchased this brand, ranna gill, but needed to size up which is rare for me when i shop at retailer. it is comfortable and lightweight. i marked it down one star on quality because for the price, i have already noticed some of the black lace stitching coming undone.	Dresses
Yes, this is a beautiful print and fits perfectly...but it's unlined thin polyester. full price is pretty ludicrous on this one. tts, but might need to size up if you have a larger chest (no stretch). hoping to grab on sale.	Dresses
Loving this top! the material is lovely and high quality plus the design is very flattering on body. perfect for cooler evenings out. did i mention super flattering?	Knits
Love the way this feels ? epic and flowy and flattering ? and features my shoulders and de-emphasizes shape and size from waist down. waited for it to go on sale and it paid off. i'm wearing it to a wedding this weekend. i can't wait to show it off! highly recommended.	Dresses
Bought this dress for my boho bridal shower and loved it! it was perfect for the season and fit like a charm. i normally wear a 4-6 and needed the 2 so heads up that they run a little big.	Dresses
This dress fits perfectly and is travels wonderfully through the seasons! the color and cut is really flattering and flows nicely!	Dresses
I bought this in late august and have been wearing it ever since. i love that you can wear it either on or off-the-shoulder. the second option adds sexiness even though the top is flowy, comfortable, and easy to wear. on the shoulder i've even worn it to work on casual friday. the print is versatile, and i like that the fabric has a little heft while still being soft and drapey. i definitely recommend, especially since i notice it is now on sale!! it is generously sized, so i'd recommend erring	Knits
I really love this dress and want to buy it, but i won't buy it in white. it is just too easy to get dirty. i would love a pretty blue or even a darker yellow.	Dresses
This top caught my eye right away and i had to have it! i am obsessed with everything off the shoulder and this is a great transition piece to wear that off the shoulder look well into fall. i was expecting the fabric to be a little lighter and i did't realize there would be a ribbed texture to the fabric. the shirt is also very long and i feel as though it runs large. that being said it looks super cute on and i intend to style it just as shown in these pictures with zipper accented skinny jean	Knits
Cute off-the-shoulder top with a dark floral motif totally on trend for fall. as previous reviews mentioned, material is ribbed, which makes it look a bit like corduroy. but, it is not thick so it just makes it seem more appropriate for colder weather. i think it will be great with skinny jeans and a choker.	Knits
The dress is beautiful on the model. in person it's sheer, but i could have dealt with that if the fit had been great. i am 5'4" and the petite was too short and the regular too long. both are very boxy and seem to run big. even the size small in both petite and regular were too big on me and usually in cloth and stone size small is perfect. i really wanted to love this dress but ended up returning several sizes in my attempt to find the perfect size.	Dresses
I didn't plan to wear this off shoulder. sadly the neck is too loose and big if worn on shoulder. the fabric is nice. i liked the vintage looking design that's black with purple flowers. the body has a lot of fabric and although i ordered size large, i would size down to a medium if i were to reorder. don't think i will, though.	Knits
I absolutely love the color, cut and style of this maxi. the high neck and drop waist are both so flattering! the color and design is gorgeous as you'd expect from rana gill. i got my normal size 8 and it was perfect. i would have expected the fabric to be a little heavier but it works as a late summer early fall dress	Dresses
I was really suprised when i received this top. it was a knit (more like a t-shirt material), which i really like. this way you can wear casual as well as dressing it up. it is not see thru at all and it stay off the shoulder. the one thing i dont like is the elastic band at top is too wide. but overall ita s keeper!	Knits
I love cloth & stone clothes and have this version in a long sleeved shirt. it is a little boxy, but the weight of the fabric helps with hang of it. i love the feel of the fabric and the weight of it for a summer dress, yet it is too sheer for a summer dress. it needs a liner or little cami dress to wear under it to keep it from being see through, however, for a texas summer, that defeats the point of a loose, easy dress to throw on. i sadly sent mine back.	Dresses
I loved this color and ordered it online because i thought it would work for both casual and work days dressed up a little. ummmmm, no. it's weird and boxy and does not look at all like it does on the model. i think maybe if you have no bust whatsoever and size way down it would look okay. i'm only a 34b, weigh 110 pounds, 5'3" and it made me look huge and awkward. this is going back!	Knits
Love this top! i just purchased this shirt from my local retailer store. i noticed it when i walked in and saw it on display. it's stylish, comfortable, and subtle. it runs large so size down. normally, i wear a medium in retailer tops but needed a small. the flower print is small and the colors are muted against the black. pairs well with several colors: black (like model), dark denim, olive green, and mauve. the display had it tucked into a soft khaki colored pair of pants that worked as well.	Knits
I usually have to order a size up in ranna gill dresses because of tight bodices. i did this time and it's too big, so i would stay tts or size down depending on your bust size. color is more moss/olive (green with a gray undertone) than shown online. no liner and the fabric is a smooth polyester that feels more summer weight than autumn. gorgeous embroidery on the chest. teeny tiny neck button closure and fussy side zip. i am 5'3" and purchased petite but it is still too long unless i wear my f	Dresses
I purchased this top on sale and was really excited about the style. it fit great the first time i wore it. i washed it once, according to the care instructions. after washing it in cold water and allowing it to air dry, it was basically ruined. it shrunk up in length widened out about two inches. i'm pretty bummed about it because it was cute.	Knits
Saw this in the store and immediately liked it. when i tried it on, i loved it. colors are muted, and the style is very flattering. the fabric drapes nicely but is not too heavy, which is perfect for me to wear all through winter in the south. length is perfect for me (5'8"). it does look great off the shoulders, but i also think it can be worn up on the shoulders for a more work-appropriate look. it does run slightly large. i wear a large, but went with a medium in this one so it wouldn't be to	Knits
This dress was almost perfect, but the white was just a bit too sheer to be worn without a slip. i wear a lot of cloth and stone pieces, and i generally like the fabrication, which is a bit thicker than some. in a top, the white of cloth and stone is sheer without being vulgar. however, translated to a dress it becomes a bit too sheer in certain areas. even with a nude bra and underwear, i could see everything. it might make a good bathing suit coverup, though.the fit is tts: 36c, broad should	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear for our upcoming family pictures. i don&#39;t think the image does the dress justice - the fit is so flattering and slimming. i feel like it can easily be dressed down too, with a cute jacket in either denim or leather. the material is thinner, and it does wrinkle a bit. the price tag is a tad high also for a thin maxi dress, but i just had to have it. :)	Dresses
I bought this top to wear this fall, and it does not disappoint. it's a heavier light knit and the pattern is subtle but really pretty. i ordered a size smaller than i usually wear so that i can wear it on or off the shoulder, making this great for work.	Knits
I love sundry and their fun designs--i was disappointed because the fabric is very thin and the dark part of the heart is not black but bluish slate grey. it is just not what i expected from the picture. i bought the xs and it felt baggy on the body.	Knits
I couldn't resist the toucan print when i saw this online, and ordered in my normal size s (27/4 in pants, 34b bust, 5'7"). the fit is perfect - arm holes are an appropriate size (not huge like some dresses), semi-fitted and flattering, nice length for work, and the tie front is a nice detail to help define the waist. length is about the same as the model shot. i knocked off a star for quality since the fabric is not particularly breathable for summer and the zipper is a little tough in the wais	Dresses
This is baggy on me in my regular size. this happens to be a good thing because it's also very thin...tissue thin... material. the reason that's a good thing is i can wear another t- shirt under it with all that extra room and it hangs nicely. i'm hoping it shrinks a bit when i wash it in hot water.the design on the front is the only real reason i'm keeping it.	Knits
Love this shirt. it's perfect. it's so perfect that i bought two. it is boxy but it has a lovely drape. please note, the heart is navy blue and not so black as shown. it's a thin shirt and i know it won't last a super long time, hence the back up.	Knits
So despite reviewers saying this was too short i decided to try it anyways. the dress is adorable the print t g e pockets so cute but the description is incorrect. the petite falls 30 from shoulder which means it's right under your bum so you move anyway and someone gets a show. it's unfortunate because this dress is adorable. it would fit tts except length. unfortunately this one has to go back.	Dresses
This is a wow dress as far as fit if you are a voluptuous or hourglass figure woman. i have a 38inch bust and the medium fit perfectly...the whole dress fit perfectly. i'm so glad i took a risk and ordered it. i wish it was made from a better material like cotton versus polyester, but it has such a nice fit that i'll forgive the material choice.	Dresses
I was nervous about this dress due to the reviews saying it was odd and the colors being different. but these weren't issues for me. the color is navy. it has the loops at the sides of the dress to hold the belt on, but it also has a loop in the front center of the dress, which i think is nice, no one likes a limp bow ;) the belt is nothing to write home about, but it ties the dress together nicely.the front pocket is different, but i really like it. i had a hard time conceptualizing it before	Dresses
What an adorable print! yes, it may be a bit juvenile for someone my age but i don't care. the toucans are rendered in soft primary colors. the skirt is swingy but not poufy. whole dress is lined so thankfully it's not a see through white fabric. the bodice in medium petite fits me just perfectly (36dd) so if you are slender on top, size down. agree with the previous reviewer about the zipper, which i find to be cheap and irritating, especially when zipping over the waistband. worried abo	Dresses
I really love this tee! but, the fit can be boxy so i ordered it online in a size 0 and am very happy with how it fits me. i've worn it with skinny jeans and have gotten complimented repeatedly.	Knits
This top is so soft, simple, and such a closet staple, if you get the right size! for reference, i am 5'3, 128 lbs, and i ordered the petite medium. it's perfect. the black is a great color, hard to describe, kind of soft with some warm blush tones. i also ordered the white and the peach. great at the sale price!!	Knits
I bought this shirt for my 16 year old daughter. it looked adorable on her! she loved it and can't wait to wear it. the fabric felt like a great quality and the color was quite unique.	Knits
This top runs large. i had no problem sizing down one size, and could have gone down two sizes if not for the bust area. i ordered this tee in the distressed black color (in real life, it's more like distressed charcoal gray), and really like the fit. the asymmetric peplum is unusual, and cut at a flattering angle. i also really like that this top is not short; i often have trouble with length at retailer, being long in the torso. even going down a size, the length is great. overall, i like that t	Knits
This top runs larger so size down. i love it besides that. it's adorable!	Knits
Love love love this dress! quality and fabric are terrific, design is a little 50s throwback! fits well and flatters the body!	Dresses
This top looks great with a long straight skirt (the grey with a black skirt....) and skinny jeans. i can understand why the style might not work for everyone but for me it's a perfect blend of elegant and funky. i'm sometimes a medium sometimes a large and the medium work well for me, so if in doubt size down	Knits
This blouse has too much drapey fabric and it's just not flattering. in the front part of the blouse the fabric is relatively short, but the sleeves have so much excess fabric it almost looks like a clown suit. sending back.	Knits
I tried this (black motif) on yesterday in my local retailer store and fell in love...after sizing down! i do have to agree with previous reviewers that this top runs large. i am typically a s, but sized down to xs, and the fit was not even slightly snug. the material is soft and comfortable and i love the asymmetrical draped "skirted" bottom..very funky and arty-looking. i am 5'5" and the regular length was great on me. as much as i will enjoy wearing it all summer, i also can't wait to layer it	Knits
I wanted to like this top, as i usually adore a cute peplum feature. when i tried it on yesterday in the store, i was disappointed by how wide and bulky is it. i am petite (5'2", 110 lbs), and i tried my usual xs. the fabric was substantial and of a high quality, but unfortunately in this design, that became a bad thing as the bottom of the shirt balooned out around me. it was very unflattering and i felt lost in the shirt! definitely try it on for yourself before purchasing.	Knits
Just got the small peach in the mail; love it. also got the black small petite; works great as this shirt is pretty long. great boho tee.	Knits
I found this today on the one and only rack. i absolutely fell in love with it. i bought my normal size medium and it fit perfectly. other customers were asking where they could find it in the store. i highly recommend. it can be dressed up or down.	Knits
I thought i would love this shirt because it goes along with my style, but i returned it immediately. it runs so large! the colors are faded, and the trim of the shirt curl over, so it looks cheap and frumpy. i do not recommend this! it hits in all the wrong places.	Knits
I love the way this top fits and the way it flows. i have it in two colors.	Knits
This blouse is pretty and drapes wonderfully. i don't think it's too wide at all. it's soft and comfortable. it's stretchy, yet with quality fabric that should keep its shape. definitely a classic piece. the sale price makes the cost more appropriate. the white is a little transparent, but with a tank, it's not a problem. the black is beautiful. i'm having a hard time choosing between them. i love the cut and sleeve details. it wouldn't have looked right with less fabric. it's needed for the sty	Knits
This is a modern version of the peplum top and very flattering if you don't mind flowy cuts. the material has a nice heaviness to it, and i love the black pebbled effect. 34 d, 130 lbs fit small perfectly.	Knits
This is my new favorite shirt!! you can dress it up or down. so comfy and totally flattering :)	Knits
This is a very cute dress. it was perfect before i washed it. the problems i had after washing it was the outer cotton layer of the dress shrunk length wise while the inside black lining did not, so the black lining peeks out a good inch or two. and since the dress is shorter i can't really wear it without using biker shorts, especially for the back of the dress since it's shorter there and if i bent over you could see everything. i'm so disappointed in the quality because it is a very cute, ver	Dresses
This is a cute top but the fit is problematic. it runs small on top especially around the bust and sleeves but then it flares below the waist in a billowy and unflattering way with way too much fabric.i got both an xsp and an xxsp. the xxsp fit better on bottom but i could hardly pull my arms through the sleeves. both are going back unfortunately. for reference i'm 5' 103 lbs 32b.	Knits
This is a super cute style and i love it with white skinnies. i purchased the gray colorway. i am normally a small in tops but purchased the xs based on other reviews. the xs is still pretty loose on me, but i don't mind too much because i like flowy tops anyway. the color is so pretty and the design is edgy. it will transition to fall well.	Knits
I now have this tee in 3 colors - partly because my daughter loves and shares them with me. i typically get a size medium because i like things to fit a little loose, but needed a small in this shirt. goes great with all styles of jeans/knakis.	Knits
This dress is crazy flattering and extremely versatile. i wish it came in other colors...i would scoop them all up. great price (plus used by birthday 15% off coupon). the fabric is light weight...but not flimsy. plus it's lined with a satin fabric so the dress won't stick to you. i'm 5" 113 and i ordered the petite x-small and it is perfect. i can see it with fun sneakers (like the picture) or with some fun jewelry and high wedges for going out. thinking of buying a 2nd one as back up...it's th	Dresses
I ordered this in the peach color way. it is a nice, thicker cotton and while i have only worn & washed once (i air dried) it feels like a fabric that will hold up well. fit is good, i stuck with my usual medium. at first i thought it was a little big but i didn't want to risk the arms being too tight or short by going down to a small. in the body a small would have worked i am sure, so if you have slender arms going down a size may work well. i liked it so much though i ordered a second one in	Knits
This top looks exactly as pictured, it is a little more billowy but i liked that about it. i found that it ran true to size and i am 5'8'', 128lbs and ordered a small. i am going to order the white because the cut is super cute.	Knits
I got the black in a medium. it just made me look wide and i felt frumpy. i think it's the angled wide sides. on me, the design just created bulk. nice substantial fabric but it isn't soft or cozy. back it goes	Knits
This is a beautiful dress! great and flattering fit, comfortable, adorable print (the blue is stunning), and nice movement. one can't really see it in the photos, but the skirt is actually pleated. imo this adds interest and originality to the dress. i've been getting lots of compliments. get it while you can!	Dresses
Love this shirt, can dress up or more casual. wish i would of purchased all colors!	Knits
I really wanted to love this top. i got it in xs in peach. the color is beautiful. i wish they had this exact same color in the boardwalk stroll top. the v neck was way too low and i don't want to have to wear a tank underneath. i would be willing to try an xxs but it's been sold out for awhile now and looks like it's not coming back. if the size were smaller, v neck higher up, and the top portion of the dress more fitted, it would be the perfect tee!	Knits
If you are looking for the perfect t-shirt to add a little flare to your basics this is the one for you. it is so comfy and baggy yet still looking like you pulled yourself together. i am just waiting for more colors to come out. i basically live in the green and white versions of this shirt.	Knits
Looks great on the model, but in actuality there is way too much fabric; what should be flowy and billowy looks like a tent (or a maternity top on a petite woman). it didn't matter which size, they all fit me disastrously. i love the look and i thought of keeping it and having it taken in, but there's too much fabric under the chest to make it an easy cut/alteration on the side seams. sometimes i wonder who comes up with these patterns, and if they pin the shirts back on the models. if you put a	Knits
One of the best retailer pieces i have ever purchased! high quality and fits true to size. i have a large chest, and this minimizes and creates a really nice silhouette. i highly recommend, got so many compliments i bought both colors!	Knits
A perfect little simple style summer dress just throw it on with some trendy sandals and off you go. runs true to size. just wished they would of made it in other colors and prints.	Dresses
I am all for a cute flowy tee but this one felt like i was swimming a bit. if you're a true xs, i'd skip this one. however, if you are able to size down i think it would look really great!	Knits
Love this tee! it's stylish and comfy. i ordered the white and it's a thicker fabric, so i don't have to wear a camisole underneath. i want to order more colors. it does slightly big.	Knits
I bought the top in an x-large because i normally wear a 12/14 and i was swimming in it. i unfortunately returned it but did eventually buy the large. it is a cute fit and a fun tee to have. the fabric is soft but a little excessive on the bottom.	Knits
I purchased this in the green color, and in person it does have a little bit of blue in it so it's a very flattering color. the blouse has a simple shape but the details are what makes this an interesting piece. it looks as good under a suit as it does with jeans and a leather jacket. fits tts.	Knits
I love this t-shirt, i feel classy, stylish and comfortable wearing it. as other reviewers have noted, it is bellowy in the peplum, but that is the design and i love it. it looks great with skinny jeans and can be dressed up or casual. another terrific purchase from retailer!	Knits
I had been eyeing this top for weeks. it's look so beautiful on the model, however, not great on me. material is fab. the tee is way shorter than it appears online and there is too much flutter material.	Knits
I really like the dress, the material, the print and the pleated skirt are totally fun. however, the neckline is a bit to low, and a cami is necessary, at least for me. the material is very sheer, which will be noted on the sleeves and the lower skirt where the liner falls short ( about 4 inches above the knee).the main draw back i personally have with this dress is taking it off. there are no zippers or buttons. getting it on is easy, not so when taking it off!	Dresses
Since there was only one review on this i thought i would chime in. i had been eyeing this for months and was able to get it on sale which was a plus since this had a pretty hefty price tag to start. that being said, the tailoring and detail work on it is just beautiful. i am a little worried about how the knit will wear but not worried enough to return it! as far as sizing goes, i ordered a 4 in the last byron lars dress and i am a 4 in this too. it fits snugly, but a 6 would have looked lumpy	Dresses
This dress is not only beautiful, it's so comfortable to wear. it's also very flattering. i love that i can wear the dress with sandals or boots. great buy!	Dresses
I was very excited about receiving this dress. unfortunately i was a little disappointed when i opened the package, as the color was darker than on the picture.i live in florida where the sun is always shining and although this dress has a beautiful simple design, it isn't for me as the color is too "winter".	Dresses
My husband bought this for my birthday. i love that it can be dressed up or worn for a more fun occasion.i'm a tad small up top, so it fits a little too loose up there, but other than that it fits great. i'm considering getting it altered just because i love it so much.	Dresses
This is a super cute t-shirt! it runs a little big and not as long as some t-shirts which is good.  it hits mid-hip on me and i'm 5'7".  i got the gray at my retailer store and liked it so much i ordered the black one too.  warning: the black one is actually a brownish-black which i didn't like so back it goes.	Knits
Got this in medium (5'6', 36c, 120 lbs.). many of retailer tops i'm a small but this was a good fit for the m. got the white. not really see through but need to cut the side tag out as it shows through. i'm not sure about the other reviews - this was totally not boxy on me - falls very nicely and drapes slightly. a really sweet but simple tee shirt to wear in the summer. you can wear this dressed up with heels, stacked sandals or just with flats - ballet or strappy sandals. looks great with rolled	Knits
I really wanted to love this top but the other reviewers are spot on when they say it is too short and boxy. so, fresh out of the package, the ruffle hit me right at the widest part of my hips and when i raised my arms the shirt exposed my midriff. not cute. i really liked the quality though so i washed it on delicate and then tugged gently to stretch the length out and hung to dry. now, it's still a wee boxy, of course, but significantly longer and much cuter on me. so, i'm keeping. even thinki	Knits
I am always on the hunt for a cute white t-shirt but this one was a miss. it is too boxy (short) and the material is very thin for the price. i gave it two stars because it has nice colors for spring/summer. for reference, i am 5'4 and 115 lbs and i ordered a small. bought it online so i ended up returning it to the store.	Knits
This dress fits awfully. it's not short, as pictured in photo. it hit just above my knees. it looked like sack. i would've, also, felt like i was choking all night with it clasped around my neck. it, potentially, may look okay on someone who is very tall, skinny, and lanky, but i have my doubts about that too.	Dresses
Just the perfect weight for summer wear. falls gently over tummy without being too long and the ruffled edge and quirky uneven length make it just interesting enough to make it feel like more than just a tee shirt. i got it in black and re-ordered in pale blue and am hoping the lighter color is not "see-through." this is a nice buy on sale and can be dressed up or casual. it feels and wears great but i have not washed it so gave it a good on quality. if it washes well then an excellent would be	Knits
My daughter loved this tee the first time she tried it on. since then i have purchased the white, yellow/lemon and rose pink colors for her. the material is soft, it washes well and it looks great. she says these tees are some of the most comfortable she owns and it looks good with shorts, jeans and leggings.	Knits
The ruffle is a sweet detail on what might be an otherwise basic, rather boxy shirt. it is a nice weight and drape, but please know it is a bit short and square. i love the asymmetrical ruffle, however, and think it makes this tee worth it.	Knits
Great color fit was very true to size	Knits
A little boxy but will be a go to basic. the off set ruffle gives interest	Knits
I love this tee shirt. i love the higher neckline and the feminine and subtle ruffle at the bottom. it is my favorite tee by far! i am buying my second round of it now. i have one in coral, light blue and i am ordering more. the only down side is that both of my current shirts developed holes veyr quickly.; one on the shoulder and the other in the usual belly area that comes from the granite counter and jeans top button. there is no excuse for the shoulder holes in my mind...but i love the look	Knits
This top is easy with nice hem detail.	Knits
I like the cut and look of this shirt, and tried on the xs (fits 115 lbs, 30ss chest), but i find that the t-shirts lately are kind of thin and see through... the shirt is fun, and the color is adorable, but had to pass as i could see my bra too clearly for my liking.	Knits
Love this top! got it in the blue and it looks great with jeans, shorts, crops...some say it's a little short and boxy. while the style is cut larger, i wouldn't call it boxy and i definitely didn't find it to run short. a great staple, wish it came in other colors besides white and black/gray.	Knits
Feminine but not too fussy tee is a nice linen-like material. i got the white one which will go with a lot of my skirts, pants and shorts. unlike other reviewers, i didn't find it too short for me at all, but i am high-waisted. casual but with extras.	Knits
Beautiful color and the fabric is very substantial and soft. but, they didn't finish the bottom hem! the dress is lined and the bottom inside has a ribbon sewn in as a type of hem, but the actual edge is just cut and not turned in on itself. because of this the whole bottom had a hundred little fabric frays. the rest of the dress is so polished it just doesn't make sense. also, while the fabric is beautiful my dress had a weird mark on the chest, almost like a water mark. just overall bad attent	Dresses
Super cute!! will be buying another color of this tee.	Knits
The idea of this shirt is awesome! it just needs to be made longer and not so boxy. the ruffle is darling! i would be so happy if the the designer made some modifications. i think a lot of people would buy it then.	Knits
This shirt is awesome. i absolutely love the style of this shirt! it's super flowy, and is a really breathable fabric. i've been wearing this shirt a lot lately with printed pants. the only downside is the quality of material. it kind of feels like this shirt could have been made myself with a plain t shirt and some basic sewing skills. it also feels like it's going to start falling apart at the arm seams. nonetheless, i adore the shirt, and will be getting a lot of use out of it this season! no	Knits
I liked this top a lot when i saw it at the store - the cotton is soft and comfortable, the colors are good (i tried on the white, charcoal, and light aqua blue), and the asymmetrical edge really makes it. the subtle ruffle detail at the edge combined with the pieced asymmetrical hem takes it from a classic tee to a contemporary style. however, my store doesn't have petite sizes, and the regular size hit me at a point in the hip that wasn't super-flattering on me (at 5'1"). it imay be an excelle	Knits
I was looking for cute comfy stylish tees and was ecstatic when i came across this one. i purchased the coral and i love it! it's adorable on, i'm going to purchase another color. so happy!	Knits
I think this top works best for a petite person. i am 5'1" and 106 lbs. the xs is perfect for me. i love it so much, i purchased it in more colors. i machine washed and line dried. it washed beautifully.	Knits
I read the mixed reviews on this tee but i think the fit is flattering and comfortable. i sized down as i do in many retailer tops and it is fitted in the shoulder and chest and then widens away at the waist. the length hits me at the hip--i have worn it layered with a longer tank underneath.	Knits
This is a great t-shirt; i love it. it fits great, isn't too bulky and has a great length to go with anything. i love it.	Knits
A great basic t, so very much cuter than most. i have black and white both and wish it came in more colors.	Knits
I bought this in the white and it is super cute. more fitted at top, slightly belled at bottom and thankfully not see through	Knits
I bought this in the sky color (and sized down from my normal medium) and absolutely love it. i don't think it's boxy at all. on the contrary, i love the way it hangs (i don't find it to be short either, though i do tend to layer with a longer cami underneath). p.s. the ruffle detail is precious!	Knits
Love this shirt so much i bought it in 2 different colors. the reviews said it was so boxy and plain, but i disagree. looks great with jeans or a skirt without looking looking too casual. love that they are not too long also. so many tees are soon long and these are not thank goodness.definitely runs big	Knits
I absolutely love these tees! i have them in almost every color - i find i can wear them with almost anything (can dress them up or down)....i feel like they are true to size. i purchased the small but i probably could have worn an xs too - i wanted a looser fit.also, they wash and dry well too!for reference: 32d, 27, 35	Knits
I love this tee. as others have noted, the "pink" is really more of a coral orange, which is what i was hoping for. i wish they had another good color for a redhead because i would buy it.	Knits
I love this brand and the material of these shirts and have a ton similar and thought this was adorable with the sweet detail but it is super short and boxy and i felt uncomfortable with the length on me and it also made it so it wasn't so flattering on. such a bummer cuz its a sweet spin on a plain basic tee!	Knits
The best shirt to throw on with a pair of shorts and it's effortlessly adorable!	Knits
I bought this shirt in a l, since i didn't want it to be too fitted and was concerned a m would be. it is so boxy! it's like a completely different shirt. i have no idea how it looks good on anyone, unless it is simply widened the larger the size. maybe a m wouldn't be as wide and therefore as boxy, but this shirt is just a bad mess. returning.	Knits
I bought this tee in gray and i liked it so much, i got the pink as well. it is not see through or sheer in either of the colors that i purchased. for reference, i am 5'2" and the shirt hit at low hip. i ordered one size up for a"swing" look. very fresh, fun take on the basic tee. love it!	Knits
I have a couple of these tanks so i thought i would try the tshirt and its even more flattering than the tanks (which i also love) great material, doesnt stretch out like you would think it would and looks great with shorts or pants.	Knits
This is an awesome t'shirt and i'm so glad it finally went on sale. i had been eying it for a while: it's true to size, can be dressed up with nice slacks or dressed down with boyfriend jeans. washes great and looks different from other shirts -- the ruffles on the bottom really make a difference. gotten lots of compliments.	Knits
I bought 3 of these tops in different colors, the blue one had one sleeve noticeably shorter. sent it back. now less than 10 days later they are on sale. the style is darling and get many complements on the two i have. fyi i'm a 36d 130lbs and med fit great	Knits
I bought this very cute t-shirt in sky. wore it once, then washed it according to the washing instuctions (machine washable/dryable). this t-shirt turned into a crop top!!!!! i can't wear it. it's going to goodwill. i would suggest that you air dry this shirt, if you want to take the chance that it won't shrink up several inches.	Knits
I ordered the blouse in black. it's not quite black but maybe in between a brownish gray. very pretty color. it fits just right. would have like it just a tad longer.	Knits
I got this shirt in light blue. i absolutely love it. i just bought it for the summer and i wore it on a day where it was 85 and it was just perfect. it is a very light material and it's very flowy so it breathes very well. i got an xs. i am 5'6 and it fits just perfectly. highly recommend!	Knits
This is one of those you can tell from the hanger that it's not going to work. too boxy. too short. and the girlish ruffle makes it look like an over-sized child's shirt that got all messed up in the washing machine.	Knits
I saw this shirt on a friend and had to buy it right away! it has the comfort of a regular tee but the frills at the bottom give it that retailer look! true to size.	Knits
I bought this top in the store where i found they had a beautiful mint color not shown here. i think the length is perfect. so many of the tees, etc. are extra long, so it's nice to have a variety to chose from. i'm 5'5" and this little tee hits right where my legs begin. it is very free flowing and cool. i own several similar tees and tanks from this line and they are great when the weather gets hot.	Knits
Love this! it's loose and easy for summer, fabric is not too sheer. the asymmetrical ruffle is such a cute feature. washes well. i got the pink for myself (though it's a deep coral color - perfect for me) and the gray for my daughter. wish they'd had the powder blue when i bought ours; i'd have bought that color for her instead.	Knits
As other reviewers said, this top is rather boxy. but i assumed it ran big, ordered a size down, & i love it. i ended up buying it in both black & white. personally, i don't find it too short. it hits (on me) just below the waist of my jeans - it covers up my tummy - which no one needs to see - but still looks youthful. the little ruffle detail & front seam take it from boring basic to something special enough to feel put together by just pairing with cute jeans. i generally wear a 14 & 38dd bra	Knits
I bought this dress for an awards ceremony, and couldn't be more pleased. the quality and detailing on the dress are great, and the hidden side zipper makes the dress easy to put on. i love that it's machine washable on a delicate setting. i've already worn it twice, and can't wait to wear it again for easter.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress and it was hard to let it go but, unfortunately, because the fabric is a little stiff, it accentuated my curvy back side in a bad way. it will definitely look great on someone with a smaller bottom. i tried the xs and did not experience the issues that other reviewers mentioned, such as the large arm holes.	Dresses
This is the perfect tank for everyday but it looks like you've dressed up a bit. i love the flow and the ruffles and it looks super cute with a pair of skinny pants. really comfortable and it is good quality.	Knits
This dress is lovely. the embroidery is beautifully done and with bright colors. the material is sturdy. the fit is overall true to size but slightly small through the bust. the length is several inches above my knees and i ordered the 6 regular even though i am only 5'4". the pockets are a bonus!	Dresses
This is beautiful dress with great fit. i agree with other reviewers that the top is small but works well for my small bust size. the fabric is heavy giving the dress a more sophisticated feel.	Dresses
This dress you will want to try on in the store. it is very thick and stiff fabric. the whole front is embroidered and the big drawback for me is that waist seam. there is absolutely no give in that waist. this is not stretchy fabric and not easy for just any body type to wear. sad because it is very pretty on the rack!	Dresses
This is so amazing! the dress is solid and will go under many different jackets kimonos and sweaters!	Dresses
I bought this to wear to holiday parties, but it would work for any special occasion. the embroidery is gorgeous and really pops on the black background. the dress itself is a brushed cotton that is thick enough to not to show every bulge. i said it runs tts. i bought the size 2 and normally would wear a 2 or 4 in retailer dresses. the dress is fitted through the torso and flairs at the hips, so you may want to size up or down depending on your body type.. i did not have any issue with the armhole	Dresses
This was a rare full-price purchase for me. i do think that it runs slightly large, but that is part of the "look" of this dress. i considered sizing down to an xs for more definition at the waist, but they didn't have one in store so i decided to stick with my regular s. i look forward to wearing this with sandals while summer is still sweltering, but i also think it will transition well with tights, boots, and a cardigan when temps start cooling off.	Dresses
This is a great, versatile everyday tee. the fit is flattering, and the material is soft and lightweight. this, like many retailer tops, runs large under the arms. i first tried the medium, and although i liked the way the tee hung, it gapped in my underarms. there was no small in my store, so i tried on the xs. it still hung nicely, and no underarm gap. love the simple colors - denim blue and gray is a great combination. liked it enough to pay full price:)	Knits
Pictures don't do this dress justice, color in store is much more vibrant! embroidered flower is more orange/coral colored. also, at certain angles (depending on the lighting) this dress looks navy blue versus black, which i enjoyed. sizing - while i could have gotten away with my usual 8 the side view was too voluminous and somewhat unflattering so i ended up sizing down to a 6 for a more tailored look.	Dresses
I usually wear a size small in deletta. i am 5'5" and 140 pounds. the small ran true to size for me. saying that i am a size 8 so usually everywhere else i can take small or medium, so i can see how reviewers say it runs big. love the ruffles on this tank. makes it a little more special. super comfy and easy to wear. will be great for hot summer days in florida!	Knits
This is a really pretty top that you can dress up or down. the draping on the neck and shoulders falls nicely and i love the back with the lace. it is simple but unique and has nice classic lines. i am usually a pxs but based on the measurements i went with the regular xxs and glad i did bc the petite would have been too short.	Knits
In agreement with all the reviewers before me, this dress is gorgeous!i am 5'4" 120lbs 34a and got this is in a size 0 and it fits perfectly but i would be in a little bit of trouble if i were significantly larger up top, so if you are, definitely size up.the material is thick, structured and very well made. every time i wear this out i get a ton of compliments!one of my favorite parts about it is the intricate embroidery on the neck-line that gives the illusion that you are wearing a necklac	Dresses
I ordered a 6 and it fit great i am 5ft 3" and 130lbs 34b in the chest! i love the fabric, i was drawn to it because i don't think it will wrinkle and crease as easily as other fabrics. it is a flattering cut and is very beautiful in person. the embroidery makes the dress unique.	Dresses
This is a soft, comfortable shirt. it fits like a t-shirt should. i usually buy m but based on other reviews i purchased s. the fit on me in size small is similar to the model in the photo.	Knits
I love the idea of ruffles, but this shirt was huge! i normally wear a small or medium, and i got the small. it felt more like a large to me. maybe if you size down 1-2 sizes, it will work out for you. i'm going to take it back rather than exchange. i also wish it was a more lightweight material for summer, but it's pretty thick.	Knits
I'm an xl in retailer tops, and the xl in this blouse fit nicely. tops from tiny can sometimes be really tiny, but this blouse is cut correctly for it's size. i'm full figured and busty and the xl fit comfortably. if you're athletic or have a petite bust or are slender you might be able to size down. .the neckline is really beautiful and unique, and the shirt material is soft. the front is a very pale lavender, and the sleeves and back of the blouse are gray. there is a pale lavender lining fo	Knits
I absolutely love this dress. the pattern is gorgeous and it is so comfortable. i have received many compliments every time i wear it. i will definitely start paying more attention to this brand when shopping retailer.	Dresses
Cute black t-shirt that runs absolutely huge i ordered the extra small because the extra extra small was sold out  the extra small was not even close to fitting  so disappointing very cute t-shirt for very big people do not buy if your petite	Knits
This is the perfect dress for going out and wearing to work (with a jacket or sweater and boots). it fits perfectly across the bust and waist and then has enough room to glide over the hips.the material is structured enough to give me a nice curvy shape and the embroidery is well done and beautiful. my husband picked this out from the catalog and loved it on me as well.	Dresses
I like this top because it covers the bum. it is a little longer in the back than front. it is cotton modal soft, and it is light enough for summer. the ruffles add nice flow and fun detail. i bought this piece because it will make a nice top to wear in the summer, but classier than a tank top. i also knew it would make a nice layering piece under a sweater in the winter. i buy all my clothing pieces now based on versatility, material (for comfort), and classical style.	Knits
I really wanted to love this dress, but it just didn't fit in anyway. i ordered an xs petite, and it was very large. the lacing in the back is completely useless, and that's what i liked about the dress. i was thinking it would be unlaced more at the top (because of chest) and then lace more tightly near the waist. it was completely closed off and the dress was still very loose and unflattering. beautiful fabric, great color combo, bad fit.	Dresses
I'm usually a 2-4 in retailer dresses and i was surprised how well the 2 fit. i like that the dress is navy instead of black, which makes it even prettier.the embroidery is very nice without being too much to wear for more casual activities. fabric is thick enough for wearing out in autumn with some tights and a sweater. prettier in person.	Dresses
This dress has the same bold, great color as the picture. although it has a big "swing" to it, because the upper portion is a bit fitted, i don't feel like i look pregnant. the material is extremely well done and i like the above the knee styling. i'm very happy i bought it.	Dresses
Love embroidery!	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. i tried it on in the store several weeks ago and loved it, but the cost was a deterrent. when it went on sale, i ordered it immediately. hoping it gets here soon! the fit is wonderful, length perfect, embroidery just beautiful, and quality is excellent. it is versatile, too; easy to dress down with a sweater and boots, and beautiful for a more formal event like a wedding. for fit reference, i am 5'8", 130 lb and ordered size 6 (this was the correct fit in the store). exci	Dresses
This dress was adorable. i found it to be a little too short for my taste- i'm 5'9", and it hit mid thigh. i think you would probably see my rear if there were the slightest breeze, but it would be perfect on some shorter. embroidery was beautiful, and i loved the collar. also a little sheer, but with nude colored under garments, it would've been fine. definitely try it out!	Dresses
I just wore this dress tonight to my holiday party and received many compliments on it. it's so comfortable and even though the fabric is thick, it's not bulky or stiff like some embroidered fabric can be. and the side pockets make a great addition too. unlike other reviews, i thought the armholes were perfect. the cutout in the back is a nice touch, and i was able to wear a regular bra with it. the colors are beautiful and true to the pic, i was not surprised by the "brightness" of it like othe	Dresses
Is it possible to be in love with a dress? i think so and i am. when i put this dress on it literally took my breath away. it is beautiful and very well-made. this dress is so fun! i wore it to an event this past weekend and received more compliments than i ever have on something i'm wearing. this beauty is so incredibly comfortable and bonus - it has pockets! i am a petite 4 and it runs very true to size for me. in the store, it looked more navy than black, but as i have it home, it is definite	Dresses
I loved this shirt until the first time i washed it. it shrunk so much it became unwearable. when i returned it the salesperson said she had also bought this shirt and the same thing happened.	Knits
I wore this dress to work with a tan pair of booties and the compliments started upon entry and did not stop till the end of the day. very feminine and comfy all at once.	Dresses
The dress is too loose and runs too big	Dresses
I don't usually write reviews but this one definitely needs it. i bought this shirt in the wine color in a small. i'm 5'6" 135lbs and usually wear a small in retailer clothing. loved the color and fit of this shirt, a little longer and loose with unique detailing on the sides. i loved the wine color so much i bought the gray and white stripe one as well. when i bought the gray and white one i had to try on 5-6 smalls before finding one that fit just right. there was a significant difference in the	Knits
I was so excited to find this shirt on sale at my local retailer store. but, i did not notice the high percentage of rayon in the fabric, which caused the shirt to shrink significantly in the wash (even when following washing instructions). i washed it on cold with woolite and it is about half the length it was initially! i'm so disappointed. how can you make a shirt that can't withstand washing?!	Knits
This is one of those just throw on and go dresses that i love. it is breezy and easy, comfortable, but also polished and lovely with some really nice design features and a beautiful mixed print. you can wear it with some cute flip-flops, or polish it up with some cute boots.	Dresses
Wish i would have read the reviews before i purchased and wore two of these. washed as directed and same outcome as everyone else. basically unwearable unless i maybe use it for a nightshirt. the shrinkage lengthwise was ridiculous. glad i didn't buy every color like i had planned to do!	Knits
So disappointing! everything i've owned from bordeaux has washed well and stood the test of time. one wash and this was ruined! shrunk terrible even after washing in cold water on delicate and laying flat to dry. completely ruined. returned it.	Knits
This is beautiful - the colors are rich (though the pink is slightly more noticeable than the model image. the length was just shy of my knees at 5'7", and the fit was overall swingy. i am happy with my normal size s, though i would be curious to see how the xs fits too. i suspect that it would be too tight in the shoulders but fit everywhere else better. one major difference that slightly annoys me is that the sleeves are not long as shown in the model shot. the flared portion starts at about m	Dresses
Adorable, old school retailer; the only gripe i have is trying to get this on. the slip is similar to putting on a straight jacket. once you figure it out, then it's gorgeous. just be careful and lay it out carefully before you pull it over your head.	Dresses
Love, love, love this dress! the fabric is high quality; the colors are rich and vibrant. the fit is very flattering, with the open neckline and fitted waist. versatile piece that can be dressed up with heels and jewelry or dressed down with tights and boots. my usual size fits perfectly.	Dresses
Ok so when i bought this in every color there were no negative reviews. i loved this shirt. it was amazing. fit perfect was so comfortable. then i washed it. ahhhh. it shrunk so bad my3 year old could wear it. i washed it according to the tag. then the second color i just hand washed in ice cold water and laid flat and it still shrunk. man. i wish i could return these shirts. they are so bad. and i typically love bordeaux quality. these are horrendous.	Knits
It's a cute top but once i washed in cold water and laid flat to dry it shrunk and lost it's shape. very disappointed. i am going to return top.	Knits
I was hoping this top would be a nice architectural piece to add to my wardrobe with its straight black line accents. sadly, in the end, it is just a t-shirt. a large t-shirt. i ordered my normal size (medium) and this shirt ran more like a large. i also did not like the way the neck was hemmed. the fabric folds over itself, when i think a better design would have been a more simple hem. i ended up returning this item due to its size.	Knits
I purchased the dress on a promotion. the dress i received had the sleeves end about the elbow. i added a 4" black cotton lace to the sleeves. i love the result. it makes the design richer and brings out the lace running down the front of the dress. the sleeves are a much better length for me now. dress runs tts. i purchased a medium, am 5'7", 150 lbs, really am large boned, straight up and down.	Dresses
I loved this top when i wore it! it draped beautifully. i always snatch up all of bordeaux t-shirts because of the way they hang. but beware - you must dry this flat. i've always had no problem washing and drying their t-shirts, but this one shrunk up to half it's size the first time i washed it and is no longer wearable. it does say on tag lay flat to dry and they mean it!	Knits
I thought this would be cute with leggings based upon the length on the model. i forget that the models are almost 6 feet tall. this has a polyester slip goes under it that snaps onto the shoulders. it came down to my knees and was completely like a sack no leggings and boots with this one. lovely material but not at all figure flattering.	Dresses
I loved this shirt so much i bought it in 4 colors. however, two of them shrunk. i was very disappointed.	Knits
How can you go wrong with soft cotton top that is neither too snug nor too loose? expect will wear these as layers under when really cold and by them selves in early spring and in the fall. great colors and love the multiple textures.	Knits
I just bought this dress in the store and i absolutely love it except for one thing. why are the sleeves on the actual dress so much shorter than the picture with the model? i suspect the model has long arms, not little t-rex arms, so why does the sleeve hit at the top of her wrist, while my lovely dress hits just past my elbow. it's a mystery. was the pictured item not what the store took delivery of? anyway, still a great dress, just trying to figure out if i should add lace or something to ma	Dresses
Let me start off by saying i never write reviews, but feel compelled to so that no one else gets swindled into buying this beautiful one-time wear piece. i absolutely fell in love with this shirt when i bought it in the fall in black... perfect basic to wear under my new draped open vest from retailer! and perfect fit! i'm long torso-ed and long armed and always have trouble with fit. this being kind of oversized was just loose enough and long enough i could actually feel comfortable wearing it wi	Knits
This dress is absolutely beautiful! and, had it been just a little longer or a little shorter i would have kept it. but, the hem hit me at just the wrong spot! alas, i had to send it back :(	Dresses
This is a cute, flattering dress, however the drop-waist, the short length and the odd-length sleeves (shorter than shown in the photos!!!) added up to me feeling like i was dressing way to young. it just didn't convey an elegant, mature vibe. this dress is perfect for a 20s-30s woman who wants a versatile dress to wear on many occasions. it's great because it's not too expensive and you could wear it with any type of shoes.my big problem is the lack of transparency regarding the actual slee	Dresses
This dress is so fun and very comfy! the slip it comes with pulls the whole dress together! it has been great for warm fall days, but i can see it being warn with leggings and boots into the winter. i love the combination of blocked deep colors along side of pastels. i'm 5'5" and the length is just right, not too short.	Dresses
I ordered size large and find this to be way too oversized, wide, long and unattractive on my frame. the print is just okay but since it doesn't wow me, i'm returning.	Dresses
I loved the look of this online and ordered the xs as maeve seems to run large and that was the smallest size offered. the length was good for me (only 5'4"). the elastic top fit well (32b) but then from there it was too much fabric. i thought this would be a straight fit or a slight a-line but it was just a huge amount of fabric on me...several inches on both sides big. i think with the large ruffle along the top and the tremendous amount of fabric hanging down from the dress underneath the ruf	Dresses
I loved this shirt when i got it. it fit perfectly, and was so soft. but when i washed it, following the instructions, it shrank up to well above my belly button. i'm talking 6 inches of shrinkage, at least.	Knits
I saw this dress online and thought it might be an adorable eclectic piece to add to my closet. and was i right. the simple shape mixed with the bold pattern make this dress an awesome one to own. its easy and fun and funky. plus it has hidden pockets! beware though this dress seems to run a bit small. i would say if you switch in between sizes like me i can be a 6 or an 8 then possibly go with the larger size. i do have a large bust as well i wear a 34ddd so it shows some clevage but the girls	Dresses
After reading all the reviews i figured at 40% off i could at least try it. i'm 5' 3" and typically wear a m or size 10. i ordered the m, but as other reviews stated the arms were tight. since i'm expecting it to shrink, and want it to cover my booty, i ordered 2 colors in the l. it's exactly the oversized, slouchy look i wanted, without the neckline being too low, but will still be ok if it shrinks. i'll have these dry cleaned to minimize shrinkage. it's a wardrobe staple that looks great with	Knits
Love this length, print and material! have already worn 2 times and wears and washes well! sleeves are short than pic shows but i don't mind...	Dresses
Bought two of these because i loved the way they fit off of the rack. washed them according to directions and they were ruined. the material shrank up making the shirt short and boxy and the side panels ended up being rippled. definitely going to try to return these.	Knits
This is a great shirt. it's super comfortable and fits nicely. not too big and not too small.you can wear it with leggings or dress it up with skinny jeans and boots.i bought the striped and black one. i highly recommend it.	Knits
I thought these were great everyday shirts for the price. i got them on sale over christmas. they fit well and i really love the striped shirt. the navy is an odd color and looks strange with jeans but i love the top regardless	Knits
Super soft and the trimming on the neckline and sides adds character to the shirt. runs a bit shorter than i expected.	Knits
I first saw this dress in one of the stores and the rich colors caught my eye. this dress is very comfortable to wear but is also unique. the fabric feels great on and gives the dress an overall stylish flair. the photo doesn't do it justice!	Dresses
I purchased this shirt in a medium, in the wine color. i love the drape and fit of the shirt. it has a laid back vibe and the material is supper soft and comfy. it is also a bit more substantial than some of the thinner shirts i've bought at retailer. you could easily dress this up or down. i wore this shirt a couple times and then machine washed it on cold on a delicates cycle and dried it flat. it majorly shrunk! now i can't wear it because the length shrank at least an inch or more. if you purc	Knits
I am 5'4", 100lbs, petite frame, i bought this dress in xxsp. the fabric was good quality and thicker than i have imagined, good for fall, maybe a little warm for the hot humid summer days, but perhaps a cooler summer day. unfortunately this dress runs pretty large, much too large for my petite frame, so i had to return it. i would recommend sizing down. this dress is very beautiful and would be great to wear to work or out for after work drinks, also maybe a bridal shower or other brunch event.	Dresses
This beautiful, soft, swingy, dress is oversized on me. usually when someone reviews that a dress runs large but their body type is opposite mine, i pick tts and 90% of the time i'm right. not so in this case. the outer dress is very wide and the amazing super stretchy under slip is too large also. debating on sizing down because of potential shrinkage after laundering. i bought m and my stats are 5'3" 140# 39/28/35. dress ends just above my knees.agreeing with the previous reviews th	Dresses
When the top arrived and i tried it on; it was great. the length was perfect even though i am curvy. after one wash (done according to the directions), the top shrank in length considerably. i do not mind paying a higher price for something unique and something of quality.....i do have a problem with something that does not hold up to basic use. i will be returning this item.	Knits
Loved this dress but ran much larger than other maeve dresses i have ordered in the past!	Dresses
It was the color that prompted me to take this dress to the fitting room. as seen in the photos, it is a deep burgundy or dark maroon. though the color is deep and rich, the design of the dress makes it lighter and easily able to be worn during the heat of the summer. in the later months of summer and early fall, i will wear this dress without leggings for a transitional look. when the temps cool down, though, i will wear leggings or tights throughout the winter with the dress. it will easil	Dresses
I tried on and bought this shirt in my usual size and it fit long and loose but still had great shape. after hand washing in cold water and air drying, as per instructions on the tag, the shirt shrunk significantly. so much so that my stomach shows if i raise my arms at all. it also lost its shape, and now looks very boxy and is very unflattering. i won't be wearing it and am disappointed i didn't even get to wear it once!	Knits
I love swing dresses and normally order l , but this one turned out to be way too large. and as other customers said the sleeves are short , so the whole look is out of proportion. the colors are much brighter than they appear in the photo. the dark patches are a bright peacock color and the hot pink is just too much for my taste.the material design is not as classy looking as it comes across on line.so sad because i love this dress pictured on line and this is not it. the quality of the slip	Dresses
I wear cardigans pretty much every day since my office is chilly and i need something a little dressier to be able to wear that will keep me warm. i love the design of this cardigan which makes it very flattering-the longer in front is a style i gravitate toward and i like that the back isn't just straight but it has that little flair-this is not something that is commonly seen in a cardigan (unless it is short all the way around) and it was great attention to detail by the designer. i like the	Knits
I really like this top, it is form fitting and i think true to size that i would normally wear. i do not think the v-neck is too low so that i would feel comfortable wearing this even to work. i was surprised at how thick the fabric was, but i am typically cold so i like this feature. the criss-cross design in the front and back of this garment is very flattering and i get a lot of compliments whenever i wear this piece.	Knits
I wanted to love this top. unfortunately, the color & fit didn't work for me. i'm a 36ddd. the fit was ok, it even flattered my bust, i just felt the stripes didn't flatter my waist. this would be perfect for an athletic frame.	Knits
I wasn't sure about the color but ordered based on how much my stylist loved it. my usual xs petite fits perf daly, no chest problem (30dd) and the length is quite nice. romantic look, the drawstring in the back helps making sure the dress fits properly at the waist. it is a high low style with flowy skirt. overall great. i need to stop going to the store"	Dresses
I ordered the blue in size xl. it's even prettier in person. the fit runs a little smaller/shorter on me than shown on the model. i'm 5 ft. 5 1/2 in. for reference. i love the detailed stitching. it is delicate and can catch. my dog's claw pulled on it and i had to reweave the thread back. i've washed mine twice, reshaped & air-dried. it didn't shrink much at all. it's perfect for spring & summer. i've gotten a lot of compliments on the shade of blue. it's really so pretty.	Knits
I love this top and bought it in both colors. what's really fun is that i found a pair of espadrille sandals to match the sandy beige and white colored top and i have attached a photo of me under my arbor to show you. these tops are designed to have a flattering fit. i ordered size small and they are not too tight. i am 36 c in the bust line and an hour glass figure on bottom. i love that they are off the shoulder a bit and in a v neck, which is flattering on me. the material is soft and of good	Knits
I was hesitant to try this top on because i thought it might be too tight, and then was delighted to find that it is so comfortable and flattering. i am usually a m and the m fit me great. i have to disagree with another reviewer that this top is for those of us b cup or smaller. i am a d and it fit me great. it's got enough give and support (great fabric and wrap design) to fit a wide range of bust lines. it's a great blend of being attractive without being too revealing. i love it. got it in b	Knits
I purchased this to wear in spring and summer for work or in the evening. i am 5'8" and have actual measurements of 29" ribcage and 33" at largest part of my bust. i wear a 32c/d bra. i found this dress fit me perfectly in the bust and the darts on the front create a flattering shape. i was disappointed in the waist at the back. from the photos, it is not clear that there is a drawstring waist cord. i thought this made the back look bunchy. i would have much preferred a side zip so the back coul	Dresses
Shoulders hide bra straps well - relaxed, but flattering fit. comfy, but can be dressed up!	Knits
The print on this dress is really pretty and the styling with the lace is a nice touch. unfortunately, it runs quite small in the bust, so i had to return it. for someone that is small busted, it will be quite cute. everywhere else it is true to size.	Dresses
A really great basic that can be styled a number of ways. i bought it in tan and white and received many compliments on it. the slightly off the shoulder look is really flattering and perfect for a spring or summer look.	Knits
Love this top the crossover design is so cute. i ordered by normal xs (5'5" 110 lbs) and was worried it wouldn't fit right in the chest (34 d) but it does and even though it's cut on the lower side it's made so there is no gap in the shirt when you bend over. has a little elastic in there to keep everything together. perfect length and nice thicker material got the navy and red stripe and with white jeans is so cute!	Knits
I ordered the red/navy and i love that its a true red and navy. the subtle ribbing adds the right amount of texture. i normally order size small but i felt the top was a little big and has a very long hem line. i'm hoping it shrinks in the wash and i might alter the hem if its still too long after washing.	Knits
I wanted this top to work so bad. unfortunately the way the bust of the top is designed it isn't flattering if you aren't flat chested. it squishes on side of your chest and leaves the other side alone. i'm a b cup and had this problem so if you are a b or larger, i don't recommend. however, if you are smaller busted, this piece would be worth the purchase.	Knits
Love this shirt, great fabric and fit. trying to wait for a sale to buy several others in additional colors.	Knits
I wanted to love this dress so much, but unfortunately it ran way too big for my taste. i am usually a 4/6 in retailer, and the small was huge on me. the bottom half of the dress is very much a "swing" dress and is very wide, much wider than it looks in the pictures. i suppose that sizing down (maybe even to a petite), and having the dress altered to be narrower on the bottom half would've made it look like the picture, but that's a lot of extra work for a dress that is already pretty pricey.	Dresses
On sale this is a great deal. the structure and fit of it are perfect- maybe runs a tad big, but i liked that- it's supposed to be a snug fit, and is, without being too clingy. i chose the berry color and love it- the ribbed style of fabric wasn't as visible in the pic online but i don't mind it in the darker color. can be worn with a bit of flair by unbuttoning the turtleneck or kept classic by not-	Knits
I love this sweater. i purchased it in the red/berry color. it is so incredibly soft and cozy and the fit is fantastic! it hugs my curves in all the right places! i purchased it without even looking at the care instructions. but, after reading a couple of reviews here, i opted to wash on delicate and line dry. it came out perfectly!	Knits
Usually wear a small, sometimes medium. bought this in medium and am very happy with it. form-fitting but not too tight. would probably fit well in a small, if i was in better shape. it does show any flaws, so the medium is more forgiving. bought the black and am considering the neutral stripe. this is a great, medium weight top for cooler days. the snap collar looks nice open. i plan on washing on delicate and hanging up to dry. i never dry clean anything except wool suits and coats.	Knits
All i really need to say is this is the perfect layering piece. i love that you have a choice in the neckline that you want to wear. form flattering and is true to size.	Knits
I technically measure to a medium in both regular and petite sizing, but i took a chance an ordered the regular small in red. it is as depicted, and i agree that it is soft and can be clingy, but the regular size fits slightly too big on me. this is fine since it would show lumps otherwise. i bet this would be perfect had the petite size have been available. nonetheless, the fabric is substantial enough that it doesn't show the fact i carry weight in my upper body and stomach, so i'm keeping it.	Knits
Loved the fit. the size was true and it felt so soft on.	Knits
In both senses, it is pretty and big and pretty big. i ordered the xs as the xxs and xs petite were both out, and it is to big on me. i am usually xs petite or xs, if shorter. i definitely need xxs (petite or not).(115 lbs, 30 dd, 26-27 inch waist)that being said, it is really cute and fun and flirt, but not romantic flirty, just girl next door flirty.the navy and white stripes are classic, so will last over the seasons. the cut is flattering, i really love it, just not on me being that	Dresses
Looks nice andi did like the button detail on the collar. colors are nove and the feel is soft. i would probably have to get a petite smaller size.	Knits
I love this top so much i bought it in 3 colors. the material is so soft and comfortable. has a slight fitting in the waist to make it very flattering. you can wear the next as pictured or button it up and slouch it and it looks great both ways. perfect with jeans or dress it up with slacks. just wish it wasn't dry clean only.	Knits
I love this top! the unique neck detail is awesome! i dress it up; i dress it casual. works for every adventure. more!!!	Knits
Loved the look, fit and styling of this turtleneck. but dry clean only, you have to be kidding?	Knits
This is the 2nd time i've purchased a dolan top and returned it b/c it was dry clean only. both tops were what i consider to be casual tops to be worn with a pair of jeans, running errands, etc. i do not dry clean this kind of casual shirt. it is made out of rayon, and that's the problem i think.i purchased this in the wine color and it is a lovely color, hangs nicely, doesn't cling. the sleeves are a bit long but i could live with that -- i just pushed them up. as a turtleneck, it was a bit l	Knits
High quality, great color, loved the neckline. unfortunately a little too snug on me so it showed my bulges on waist and back. not too snug if you don't have that problem. i loved this shirt but had to return it.	Knits
This sweater was cute and comfy and was true to size.	Knits
I didn't think it was that cute in the picture online but when i saw it in the store i was in love! i am typically a medium and this was true with this. i have a 34dd chest and you can wear a strapless easily with it and it doesn't show. i am going to wear it for a cocktail party but it would work with flip flops too. just love it so happy i went into the store and saw it.	Dresses
It's a unique piece and feels very comfy for casual wear - lots of compliments.	Knits
It's very beautifully designed, simple but elegant. material is thick and soft so it makes good shape. color is a little different from picture but it didn't disappoint me because everything else is so good.	Knits
This is the best! i have the black and striped version and wear them weekly. great layering piece and also for fitting so they look great with skinny jeans. i love the snaps. i saw this at full price but waited for the sale so that i could get more than one!!! now i just need the gray one...	Knits
I bought this shirt in black and it goes with everything. definitely runs large-i have big boobs and bought the xl and returned it for the large which was even still a bit too big (long running in the sleeves) though i was comfortable with keeping it. it's a soft, comfortable shirt. the snap detail is quirky and allows multiple looks/ styling. i love the shirt and i'm glad i got in on it while i did.	Knits
Loved this cute dress. so easy and simple to wear. i wore it with tan/nude sandals to keep it casual for the race track in saratoga. so comfortable. for this price it is a must have.	Dresses
The dress is lovely and fits true to size. i like the petite fit. i would note, however, the dress length does not match the description. the description states the dress falls 45" from shoulder. i measured it at 40 inches. it is definitely shorter than i was expecting.	Dresses
I love this turtleneck so much!! got it in black. looks great with skirts and under sweaters. love that you can wear the collar two ways. drapes and clings perfectly. the silver snaps along collar are such a nice detail. details like this is what makes retailer pieces so unique. love it! i am usually an xs or small in tops. 34b bra size. i ended up with the xs.	Knits
This is a great sweater. it's lightweight and very comfortable. i bought a medium but really could use a small. medium still worked well though.	Knits
The quality of he fabric is amazing. the thickness is perfect as to look form fitting while not too tight or thin showing any "wrinkles." i had been searching for a versatile turtleneck i could dress up or down a finding this was a definite win! the style is timeless and with the high quality i know this will be a staple for years to come.	Knits
The shirts fits well. it is very soft and stretchy but thick enough that it's not see through. the collar is the best part. i wear small and i'm 5'3.	Knits
Great layering top! love the color- grey striped, matches almost anything. the sizing is perfect and the material is nice and think but not so chunky that it adds pounds to your frame. interesting detail with the snap neck looks sporty and jeeps it from being just another basic turtleneck.	Knits
I love this stylish sweater. i ordered black. it is very soft and comfortable. i wear it with snaps open or closed. looks great either way.	Knits
I ordered this in black and red. i had high hopes based on the reviews this received, but it's just ok. i will be returning.	Knits
I am 5'4" so at the "tall" end of petit - and this is the perfect length. i haven't really done midi dresses before because i feel make me look stout. this is not the case. it hits mid-calf. the fabric is very thick, although for polyester i think it's kind of pricey. i'm going to keep it anyways, it doesn't look or feel cheap, and i think it will be good for travel because i don't think it wrinkles easily. the ribbon hits in a very flattering place right above the waist. i have a very athletic	Dresses
So soft that i bought in 3 colors. i love wearing them. it is comfortable yet tailored. i highly recommend.	Knits
This dress is so flattering on, i was astounded. often the "waistline" in the petite dress are very high, even though i'm only 5'1" tall, but this one hit at the right place and the skirt made me feel slim and tall. the fabric feels silky and the pattern is nice, but it is a pretty conservative style and perhaps a bit dark for spring. would be great for work, or church, but unfortunately doesn't really fit my lifestyle and i personally prefer a more unique style for the price. i highly recommend	Dresses
Ok, so by now, we know this is a cute top that is basically true to size but a little clingy. i prefer to wear it with a tank top or tee shirt underneath. it would also do well layered under something. for refernce, i am 5'7, about 120, and xs was the best fit.but what i really wanted to mention is that i washed it in the machine on cold delicate and dried it on low, and it survived just fine!	Knits
So i love this top. i got it in black and red. both are amazing and go with about anything. they run a bit large. i sort of forgot to read the label and thought it was just a cotton turtleneck. i threw it in the washer on regular settings and cold water and hung it to dry. i would say it shrunk 10% at most. beyond that, no difference. in fact, it fits better after it shrank since it was a bit big. obviously, if you do not dry clean this, you are going against manufacturer recommendations, but i	Knits
I ordered the neutral one with the fine stripe. it will layer nicely with neutral colored sweaters and blazers. the fabric is soft. the quality is good. the neck is cool that you can wear it two ways. overall, it is a good top. i think it's a little clingy, which highlights every flaw, in the back especially. i wouldn't size up. i still think it fits tts.	Knits
I love this black turtleneck. arms are a little long, so should have gotten small. i wore it and love it! you can play with collar and snaps; up or down.	Knits
Unfortunately i didnt read the fine print when i ordered this re: dry cleaning only, but this in itself wasnt a total deal breaker. it did fit well -- i am 5'2, 32c, 107 lb and the xs petite fit very well, definitely form-fitting, not long in the arms or waist. the grey heather design was not my favorite look, actually thats the main reason i am returning it -- there was a dark grey splotch of the heathered design on the chest, and it looked like i had a huge dark stain.	Knits
This is such a gorgeous and unique turtleneck from retailer. my favorite color is the nude and buttoned neck is really pretty. i'm 5'1 and 105 pounds and i got the small since i liked the longer length and did not want it too clingy. it is a personal preference but you may want to go up a size. as for the dry cleaning, i washed this on delicate cycle without dryer and it came out perfect. love this!	Knits
I have two of these tops. the maroon and tan and white stripe. the material is great and the neckline lays great. it isn't too thick so i can wear it on cooler florida days. you can dress it up under a jacket or dress down with some jeans.	Knits
Nice piece. the fabric is very stretchy with that heavy luxe kind of feeling. the neck snap placket is genius because when it is snapped up the neck stays up without restricting the throat. nice long lenght too.	Knits
Great spin on a basic turtleneck! i like it unbuttoned just as must as buttoned! material is super soft. good length.	Knits
I liked this so much that i bought it in all three colors, but send berry color back. the top is flattering and looks good. i did wash it at home, it seems to shrink a bit. but i ordered up for longer length. i really like the style. it is perfect to wear by itself or as a layer. perfect for fall and winter.	Knits
I love this top. i ordered it in a large thinking it would be a tight rib but it is not so i reordered it in a small. i am 5'7" 145lbs 34g chest. the small fits perfectly and probably could have taken an xs. it is stretchy but fits wonderfully. i bought the black. i love how the neck snaps and adds a little pizzazz to a simple black turtle neck. i'm wearing it today with straight leg jeans and my leopard print ballet flats. i feel like audrey hepburn!! i will not be dry cleaning it. i will wash	Knits
I am in love with this dress and can't wait to wear it to brunch this weekend! i am normally a ps, but they only had the pxs which i took a chance on. fits like a glove. slightly tight in the chest area, but i am chesty for a petite girl. the length is perfect and modest, the detail up front is adorable.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful! it is a nice, heavy fabric with stretch and just fits perfectly.	Dresses
Beautiful dress. the printed material under the tulle however hung 3 inches lower than the tulle skirt. i had to take it to the cleaners and have it hemmed to match the length of tulle skirt because it looked awkward. even after paying full price for the dress i didn't mind spending the extra money to have it hemmed because the dress is that beautiful.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. i ordered an xsmall and a small. i am 5'6" and 110 lbs, slender build. the xsmall fit great everywhere but the waist band was completely out of portion for the dress. both sizes will have to be returned. possibly if you have a more straight up and down figure it will fit better and pull in your waist!	Dresses
Super cute dress but the waist band is very large and bulky.	Dresses
I absolutely fell in love with the design of this dress! the colors and cut are easy to wear but unique enough to stand out. i was between the medium and the small and ultimately went with the medium. the dress hits right above my knee, fits nicely at my waist, and is well made. the top does seem a bit loose (as pictured on the model) but i prefer a slightly more fitted look. a padded bra would probably have filled out the extra fabric but it was an easy alteration and will allow me to wear the	Dresses
The shirt is mostly a thick sweatshirt material and is very short when trying on - undershirt required to make up for length and the see through mesh in the pattern. felt about 1 size too small as well	Knits
I was drawn to this top due to its unique detailing and soft, casual cotton feel. i wear a nude bra underneath with no problem. i'm 5'5" 120 (34c) and the small hits right at my hips, so it's not to short or too long. i often wear an xs in tops and i didn't even try on the xs in this one because i felt the small fit just right. with the cutout detailing, i'll hand wash this. i hope it holds up.	Knits
I love the look of peplum tops, i think they are very forgiving, and they do a fantastic job of hiding my residual baby weight while still allowing me to look like i have an amazing figure (not washed out figure). i have several peplum tops, but most of them are made out of a thicker fabric and they don't have much movability. i absolutely love this one because it is a more casual design and much more comfortable than i am used to while still keeping the integrity of the peplum design. the fabri	Knits
This is a fantastic dress for fall, if you have specific proportions. the dress comes in s-m-l, rather than in particular dress sizes, so my assumption was that a large would fit a range of 10-12. the dress fits me well in the fitted waist (which has zero give), but the top fits very strangely (you can even detect it on the model in the photo), with a tightness at the clavicle, and a weird abundance of fabric above the waistband.i will still happily wear the dress with sweaters this season,	Dresses
Love the contrast of fabrics, thick and thin. comfy like a favorite sweatshirt but with style. can be worn both, on a night out or curled up on the sofa watching a movie at home.	Knits
This is a really cute shirt. i love the design, color and everything about this shirt but the size. i am 5'1 and 105 lbs, i can usually wear an xs or xsp. the xs was huge and they were sold out of smaller sizes or i would have ordered one. this unfortunately had to go back.	Knits
I wanted this dress so much, i ordered it twice. both times the zipper was defective--it would get stuck midway up, at the waistline--so i had to send it back (there isn't an retailer in my area). this is a shame because it's got great colors and looks flattering on, and i was looking forward to pairing it with a cardigan/boots for fall. i even thought about taking it to a seamstress to have the zipper replaced, but the cost didn't seem worth it. too bad, as it seems like it would be a nice	Dresses
This top is so pretty. i would say it's probably about 1 size smaller than normal, but i like the cropped fit.	Knits
Love this top, just received it today.it is a very artistic interpretation for a casual top.the blue is gorgeous!the unique style of the peplm and the details on the front set this apart!runs a little shorter, but i feel the length enhances it;s beauty, and is appropriate for the overall design.love !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ordered my usual size and it fits perfectly.	Knits
This is such a gorgeous shade of indigo! i was instantly attracted to it! upon trying on, i was surprised at how soft the fabric was. definitely a cozy sweatshirt feel in disguise! i love the peplum detailing and found the xs to be just right in length to my hip and everywhere else! i can't wait for it to cool off here in new england so i can wear this beautiful top!! i anticipate many compliments on s lovely top!!	Knits
Beautiful dress for those with a large chest and small waist. sadly i am not one and needed to return the dress. fabric is heavy and the pattern is great.	Dresses
This top has the thickness and comfort of a sweatshirt, with artistic flair and a figure flattering, unique cut. it works very well on me as i'm a petite large. i only wish it was a little roomier, or that i was 10 lbs lighter, but it's stretchy and i really love wearing it. the color is a rich indigo with a slightly worn look which adds texture and dimension.	Knits
I fell in love with this top when i first saw it in the store, and bought it during the 25% off sale. i'm petite, 32dd, usually a size 4. i tried the xs and s and while both fit, i like the roominess of the s so i got that size. i bought the regular size for a little extra length, but could have worn the petite. it's great for layering because of all the bright colors, and although the front is polyester, the back is knit so it's nice and cool. i personally love loose-fitting, shorter tops, so i	Knits
The colors on this top are beautiful, even more vibrant than the online picture. i was so excited to try it on. the problem is with the fitting. it's too short and too loose. you can see in the picture that the shirt isn't even tucked in and it barely hits the hips. as much as i wanted it to work, back it goes.	Knits
I like the design of the dress, but the fabric makes it look cheap. for an expensive dress, i had expected better quality.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely darling! it is light as a feather and floats on the body. the fabric looks almost handpainted and fits like a dream. i disagree with the previous poster and i think it looks very rich. super comfortable and i know i'll get lots of wear out of it. you can dress it up or dress it down. love it!	Dresses
This top is very cute, very flattering, and very unique! love the high/low back! also very comfy, would recommend to anyone!	Knits
I bought this online with the intention of it being my graduation dress. i'm 5'2", 115 pounds so i should've known better and gotten a "petite" style dress. however, i loved the modern look of this and since my boobs are a bit bigger (34d) i figured they would help fill it out. upon receiving the dress, i was first shocked that for the price, the construction was pretty poor quality: there were strings coming out of the straps and they looked unevenly sewn. when i put it on, it was clear that th	Dresses
The pattern and color of this top are beautiful. when i saw the pattern, i knew i had to have it. the fit is a bit strange, short (which is fine for me as i am petite) and boxy. i bought it on sale and think its good value for the price. its a good late summer/early fall piece.	Knits
I disagree with the fit description from the other reviews. i find the shirt to be super flattering and comfy. yes it it short in comparison to many styles these days. but it hits right at the waistline without being too short. super vibrant colors.	Knits
I am short waisted and i still thought the pleats started too high on me. also, the whole thing was a little bit big. i always wear a medium, but in this top the shoulders and everything was just a bit large. since i bought it online, i couldn't size down. the fabric was a nice quality.	Knits
The concept of this top is edgy for a sweatshirt fabric. i think it works better on a thin frame instead of my curvy frame. although i appreciate the design, it did not work for me.	Knits
This shirt is semi-fitted. i like it because it is not boxy but not overly tight. it is not heavy even though it is a sweatshirt material. i wish the neck was a bit higher but i will wear a tee under it. the back is really cute. it is different and i like that.	Knits
This top looks much nicer on the model than in-person. i tried it on, it didn't look flattering and was shorter than i like. in the picture i really like the top with the design and frills on the side, gives the model a waist. in-person the design doesn't stand out much and the frills look wrinkled.it is also sweatshirt material and a tad stiff. i am sending it back. it just didn't look as flattering. also, it seemed more fitted at the top than bottom.	Knits
This top is made from a thick, sweatshirt-type fabric, making it a nice choice for transitional weather. the details are quite unusual and lovely. i just got it and i've already worn it twice.	Knits
This was a nice surprise because it's a thick sweatshirt type of fabric. don't be deterred! it is nothing like a sweatshirt. it's comfy like a sweatshirt though. i'm 5 feet tall 120 pounds. i ordered my usual size petite small and it fit perfectly. what little height i have is in my torso. i didn't find that the top was short at all. it's without a doubt tts. order your usual size. if you have a tummy or bootie this top is the ticket! the description on the fabric details that the other reviews	Knits
Another beautiful retailer top. i ordered a small (5.4, 112 lbs, broad shoulders, athletic build) and it looked really large when i pulled it out of the package. it's a bit large, but i wouldn't want it tighter through the bust (34c). the colors are vibrant and the print is really beautiful. although it can be hand-washed, i will be taking this to the cleaners to preserve the color! i love retailer because their clothing is so often unique.	Knits
Love this & so cute to have t-shirt with additional details. usually get medium size in blouses but liked the fit of the large better.	Knits
I went into retailer looking for a specific dress and had to try this on when i saw how lovely it looked displayed at the store. it is a beautiful dress. not see through at all. substantial weight, not to heavy and so very beautiful. i stayed tts on it . i would have purchased it but was buying 3 other dresses.. i may go back as it will be perfect for the hot summer days.	Dresses
I was so impressed with the quality of this top that i bought it in all the colors.. it is comfy and thin. i purchased my usual size . it is so adorable with the lattice stripe..	Knits
I love this top. i got the blue, the colors are deep and just beautifuli'm normally a large, so i feel this top runs large. i got the medium and it fits perfect it is long, i'm 5'6" and it hits the bottom of my butt. you won't be disappointed, try this top	Knits
Very disappointed in this top. i have a short waist, and it was still too short for me. :-(	Knits
I bought this top during the extra 30% off sale, so the price was definitely worth it and i know i'll get a lot of wear out it. i bought the grey and the lace isn't too revealing, but just enough for me to want to wear a cami underneath, especially at work. i'm normally a small/4 in retailer brands, but i bought a xs and it fits great, so it does run a little large.	Knits
I just bought this dress as it went on sale recently. i read all the other reviews - and, imho, the dress is ivory not yellow as another reviewer suggested. i am only 5'2" and weigh 115llbs - there were no petite sizes available so i bought a size 2 which is a bit long, but that's ok. the arm holes weren't too small and the neckline is large enough to slip over my head. the dress is very much a swing dress...i wish there was just a little less dress...it really is too voluminous for my taste. i	Dresses
Very happy with this top! love the design--very different. also like that the front panel is different fabric. buttons also are a fun detail. great shirt to transition from summer to fall. i usually wear xs or s--ordered this in xs and perfect fit. going to be a favorite.	Knits
This t-shirt is uniquely designed and it fit well. unfortunately within an hour it shed all over. i had white fuz all over my arms and pants. i was very disappointed.	Knits
This fits me more like a tunic so i wear it with jeggings. i am 5'4 and usually a 10-12 petite and the s fit well.the arms are stretchy which i like since i have an athletic build. love the butterfly pattern !	Knits
Like others are saying, the sleeve and bust are running small. i found out that when i was trying the blue color one (butterfly). however, before trying the blue one, i tried the neutral color one at my local store in the same size (s), it fit me perfectly, no issue with the sleeve and bust. i don't understand why they're different.	Knits
Love this tee. it has a drapery cut which i love. the only thing i found was that it ran a bit smaller.	Knits
I love this dress! it is super cute and swingy. a perfect summer dress - dress it up or even for a fun summer afternoon with sandals. the fit is great (the armholes on the regular 0 were a little big. the 0petite is much better)	Dresses
I love the look of this tee, casual, but with some interesting details that make it more flattering and wearable than a plain tee. i tried on my regular size xs and it was large and frumpy, so i was initial disappointed. however, when it was on promo i decided to try the xxs, and it made a huge difference. if you size down it is great and looks like it does on the model. i ordered the coral and it is a beautiful color. the dye seems to be uneven, as it is darker in some parts. for this reason i	Knits
The shirt is a little roomy but so flattering. the design with little see through holes across the shirt are unusual and make it unique.	Knits
This is such a fun dress to pull out during the summer. it is beautiful and i receive numerous compliments whenever i wear it. also, it is pretty lightweight, so it stays cool.	Dresses
I purchased the tan "ish" gray colored one in xs. it looks a bit mauve in the pictures, but is still very beautiful.. i like the drape of the fabric and the cats on the front. the one drawback is that the arms are very snug, especially the upper arm and chest. i have not worn it yet and am debating whether or not to exchange for the next size up. just have to get to my area retailer before they sell out of the size small.	Knits
I purchased this top in a size s. it is lovely but way too wide. i am 5'8" and 140 lbs. so it's unusual for me to have to size down to an xs. i am going to see if sizing down helps, but i am worried it will still be too wide. the fabric seemed of high quality and i loved the faded color so i am going to give it another chance.	Knits
This is longer than i thought it would be- but again i'm petite! i ordered the grey and it's more of a grey green color that is absolutely beautiful. it is such a cute and easy top to wear!	Knits
The shirt design is very nice, but it fits very loose. it will not look good if you are heavier as this shirt will make you look wider because of the baggy fit. the sleeves though are fitted and feel a little tight. the material of the sleeves also is very itchy and feels like some wool material.	Knits
I saw this dress and was immediately drawn to it. the pictures others posted of themselves wearing it just made me want it more. i knew the color said ivory when i ordered it, but i wasn't prepared for how yellow it was. there is a liner/slip and it was honestly a pale yellow. it made the whole thing look dingy. i was so disappointed. if this dress was white i would've kept it. sadly i had to return. i am 5'1, around 135 lbs and i ordered a petite 6. i probably could've gone a petite 4. very cut	Dresses
This shirt is so cute with the cutout stripes and it goes with everything. it's easy to wear and true to size. you can dress it up or dress it down. the fabric is soft but also light weight. i am so happy to own this classic piece.	Knits
Super cute top! thin!! would look great layered! not crazy how it looked by itself!	Knits
For the price of this tee the beautiful front lattice work should have been extended onto the back. would have been a classier, more finished looking garment. if the cost is not an issue then this tee makes a nice neutral addition to a neat but casual summer look.	Knits
Good weight and texture to the dress but looked to tent-like for me. even taking it out of the package my first thought was, is this size mislabeled? i got a 0 but could probably have done better with 00 if those were in stock or if petite sizes were still available. returning but wish i could keep it	Dresses
I loved the mauve color! i loved the idea of the heathered fabric and lace insets, but the linen was rough and scratchy. my regular size was boxy and a little too short! size: i ordered my normal size small for retailer brands! i'm 5'4" tall, approx. 135 lbs, 35-29-36, 34d, long torso. fit: i was swimming in size small! the cut was boxy and unflattering on me. very wide through the chest. it kind of hung on me. the length was a bit short for my liking. if i were to size down, i would b	Knits
I love this top! the arms fit slender but the rest of the top is a nice loose fit. i love the navy blue one with the print, i normally don&#39;t like long tunics but it&#39;s so flattering even for my short frame! i&#39;m usually a medium on top and bought the medium which was perfect.	Knits
A classy t-shirt - can go from work to casual.the gray and mauve were both drab in color and hard to pair with neutral dress pants.i chose the white. it definitely runs large, so size down (i.e. wear m/l, chose s).the fabric is linen, very itch, so tank is probably needed underneath.flattering fit for curvy figure.	Knits
Comfy, gauzy tee that has lovely lace detailing. the white is totally see through just fyi. i don't think it's the best quality but totally worth the sale price. i got the m and it's loose and flowy in a good way.	Knits
This is a pretty top but the arm sleeves are scratchy. i have sensitive skin, and had to return it because of this. otherwise, it would have been a keeper.	Knits
The detail and overall quality of the fabric is incredible. i normally avoid swing dresses, but this is a flattering dress. i typically wear between sizes 2-6 (depending on designer) and a 6 fit me perfectly. i'm extremely happy that i purchased it and received compliments as soon as i wore it out. i'm also tall, so i have to be concerned with length of dresses and this falls perfectly right at the top of the knee.	Dresses
The embroidery across the top is quite lovely. the softness and light weighted fabric was ideal for the summer months. making this purchase on sale was such a bonus!	Knits
This is absolutely beautiful. the picture online doesn't do it justice. i slipped this on with skinny jeans in the store and was hooked instantly. fit was a little large. i would have tried a petite but this shirt doesn't come in petite sizes. love this!	Knits
This is a very pretty blouse and i like the mix of fabrics. i bought this in my usual size and it fit nicely except for the fact it is much too long. i have a short torso, and all this does it just cling and sit on my butt. perhaps this would work very nicely on someone that was athletic or tall and slender. sad to say, i had to return this because of the length.	Knits
Although the blouse is pretty it did not fit me well. i downsized two sizes and it still didn't hang well on my body. i think it looks great on the model and would probably look better on a thinner person. i am disappointed it did not work out and i will be returning it.	Knits
While these seem like interesting designs which i applaud! the execution in the design of the fabric is not appealing.	Knits
I ran into retailer to actually return a dress and saw this hanging in the petite section and had to try it. at almost 5'4" i can sometimes go between regular and petite sizing. and thankfully i could grab the petite with this dress. (they didn't have the regular size) it's airy and summery, i love the design of the swing. it's loose, but not tent like. the length came to about 3 inches above my knee. it's not see though at all! i had black bottoms on and you couldn't see them. another plus it tha	Dresses
As previous reviews have stated, this blouse is see through but it is amazing!!! very rich quality and can be dressed up or dressed down. it is well worth the price now that it is on sale!	Knits
I purchased the grey in a medium, i normally wear an 8 or 10 in tops, 36 c.. i found it to fit quite well, but it has the shape that seems common at retailer lately in that it is shorter and more boxy. so if you have a longer torso(like me), you may not be the happiest. i loved the lace and didn't have an issue with that area being sheer, but the non-lace part is very thin. i did try it on with a black bra and it was obvious i was wearing black all around, you could even see the width of th	Knits
The top was very small. i am usually a size small but this was tight around the top, arm holes and it was short. also i didn't notice if it said it was sheer ( see through) in the description but it definitely requires another shirt underneath.	Knits
I loved the print on both, but first bought the blue to check out the fit and feel. i went ahead and ordered the cat one today. the fit is relaxed and slightly oversized so if you want a slimmer or less boxy fit, size down. for myself, m was perfect since i'm built larger and broader on top. the top is a bit long, covers my hips and some of my bottom. it's a mixed fabric design, so the linen part may feel scratchy to sensitive types.	Knits
Cute and perhaps a little too innocent for my age because the petite was too high and wide on me. fits great on my shoulders/chest and the flare can be controlled with a layer and belt. i already have a few ivory lace dresses that look age appropriate first try. i don't think i have the right personality for this one. looks great on everyone else i've seen wearing it!	Dresses
The label says 100% linen, but it's so silky and drapey that it feels like silk and linen. it's not a scratchy linen at all. it's a very very fine knit, but the top is not sheer. i do not think you need a cami under it. i bought the xl and the fit is just as shown. it has a slight drape, but it's not really baggy at all. i bought the grey and it looks lighter on-line that it really is. it's a bit darker and has a silver essence also. i liked this so much, i just bought another one in mauve.	Knits
Saw this top in store months ago but couldn't justify paying full price. when i saw it on sale i had to get it! it's flattering on both me and my mom, and we wear xs and l - good for a lot of body types since the fit is more loose. the top is more sheer than pictured, but it should be fine with a tank underneath. i plan on wearing it when going out with friends :)	Knits
Love the lattice inserts, makes it feel like you have ventilation which is nice on a hot summer day. i purchased this in grey and in xs. i normally wear m for a looser fit, s for a more fitted look, so i was really surprised that an xs worked for me and was fitted. i haven't worn it since i washed it though. decided to buy the white but in a small, pretty but very see thru. will need to wear a shirt underneath, a little bummed because i liked the breeze! one other comment, this shirt is long! wh	Knits
Love the the pattern on these tops. i got the grey and got a ton of compliments on it. the fabric is a great weight for fall. it does fit on the larger side so i would definitely size down. i got the xs and wish xxs had been available.	Knits
As all the reviews say it is completely sheer. it's a very cute top other than that.	Knits
I like this tunic. it is quite long and print in blue looks good with the butterflies. it feels very hot though! maybe better for winter. the sleeves are linen, i usually don't like linen much, it feels scratchy. this top works better in colder weather due to the sleeves and length of top. more like a tunic. i recommend it but am sending it back because i need something for summer.	Knits
This top caught my eye in the store due to the beautiful print and lovely fabric. the photo really doesn't do it justice. i happened to have on a pencil skirt when i tried it on and the top looked great with my skirt though i will probably wear it more often with jeans or pants. it's a stunner!	Knits
I wanted to love this dress. i ordered online and what you cannot see in the picture if the pleating on the dress. i ordered a medium, i am usually a large in retailer and the medium looked like a tent. i realize this should be loose fitting but it was huge.	Dresses
Haven't worn it yet, but i am loving this top. it is much prettier in person. i sized up to a med based on reviews and it looks like it runs small. i didn't try it on until i got home and probably could have done ok in a small but will keep the medium so it's not tight across my chest. the knit material that makes up the arms and back is thin, which is my only complaint. if it was slightly thicker it would look nicer and i'm sure wear longer. i'm happy with my purchase-the colors, fabric, embroi	Knits
I am two months postpartum and bought this top to have something to wear for a date night. it is so flattering and has a beautiful cut. loose but not baggy or unflattering. i bought a small but could have probably sized down... so there's a decent amount of wiggle room in the sizing. great length for jeans or leggings.	Knits
These days i am more like a 6 after gaining some weight. when i was in my local retailer the other day i happened upon this dress only in a small/petite. i tried it on and it actually fit me very well. i am 5 foot 6 so i thought the petite might be too short or wouldn't work, but surprisingly it fit my body type. i think i'll like wearing it best with a pair of wedges or heels. like most other reviews i'm inclined to agree that the regular size has too much fabric going on and probably is s	Dresses
This top is lovely! exquisite embroidery in a silvery-beige color compliments the deep plum. the fit is close to highlight your curves, while being just a touch comfy. very chic for a jazzed up outfit for a night out with jeans or black pants and your best booties. i wear a size 8 normally and the medium fits me perfectly. my body type is curvy and athletic.	Knits
This top is beautifully made, but comfortable. the neckline is a stretch fabric and the cut is very flattering. the length is just short enough that it doesn't look like a dress.	Knits
So glad i purchased this tunic! just lovely. can see myself reaching for it constantly this summer. necklace friendly too!	Knits
This top is so gorgeous! the color, the embroidery, the neckline, are all perfect. this can be worn casually with jeans or dressed up for a special occasion. i wore this to a thanksgiving part, but also to take final exams in (because it is comfy too!). this piece definitely runs small. i ordered a large despite being a medium in almost everything else at retailer and the fit is perfect.	Knits
Love the fabric on this. so many retailer tops sit unworn in my closet because they are sheer and i have to wear a layer underneath. this will not be one of those. the fabric is beautifully embroidered and thick enough that it doesn't feel too delicate. the back is a super soft jersey....feel wonderful! will go nicely with jeans & flats for me! as a super bonus, i bought it with my birthday discount and now have in in time for a downton abby party. :) i'll be so pretty!	Knits
I fell in love with this top when i first saw it on the retailer website and was pleasantly surprised when it was every bit as beautiful in person as it was online (even more so). the bronze colored threads are to die for and the fit is perfect on my 5'4" (129 lb) 34c frame. if your on the fence on this one, get it. it's worth the purchase!	Knits
I'm 5-months pregnant and wanted some beautiful tunics to mix it up between the usual maternity wear. this top is lovely! i love the cut, length and embroidered details however i am not a fan of the side slits. this will work much better post partum so i plan to keep it but my belly currently pulls the slits a bit awkward.	Knits
Soft. fitted without being tight. flattering neckline. nice embroidery.	Knits
This dress is huge. also, i was super disappointed in the fabric. i thought it would be silly like a georgette. but it was coarse, more like a poplin, and thin. i thought it looked cheap.	Dresses
I love tiny tops- they fit great. i buy a small. i wish this was a henly style like some of their past versions of this embroidered style top but i still ike it and will get a lot of wear out of it. at first i thought it was too much detal but it grew on me after pulling an outfit together. won't dissapoint.	Knits
This top is one of my retailer faves! it is so comfortable and love the quality and design. i receive many compliments on this top. i usually wear an xs or s in retailer tops and the xs was a little tight in the arms. the dressing room attendant suggested ordering a petite small so i wouldn't lose the shape. so glad i did. it fits perfect! i even ordered when it was on sale!! the gray color is perfect! its not too thick or thin.	Knits
Love the blue color, different than many blue tops i own. i thought it was going to be a thicker knit and perhaps more stiff, but it is soft and a lighter knit and it makes the shape once on much more flattering.	Knits
I ove the interesting details on this pullover. it is super cozy on and i love the arched hem and extra long cuffs. the crew neck is wide and comfortable but not so wide that you need another shirt underneath. great easy pullover with jeans or leggings.	Knits
I loved this top so much i bought it in both colors. i have not seen anyone complain about this, but on me, the mock neck collapses in and looks messy. unfortunately i returned both. i sew, and i do not understand why this happened.	Knits
I really loved the color and fabric of this sweater. i liked everything about it except how wide it was at the bottom. i returned it for this reason.	Knits
Great top that can be worn so many ways. i bought the top in gray because it is way more interesting in person. it has just a touch of sparkle in it and lots of texture. i have seen this top on several people and it seems to flatter lots of different body types.	Knits
I so loved the look of this top and most of the reviews seemed really good. i thought the material was great and i ordered the blue which is a beautiful color....but......the fit was way off and the design is way off for a girl with hips. first the fit, the arm pits are low and don't actually tuck into where your armpits are, so you have this weird restriction in arm movement. then the design is not great either (and others mentioned this), the sweater at the bottom has way too much extra materi	Knits
Love the blue color, and the bit of sparkle gives this otherwise casual piece a bit of flair. the hem is cool. love the big cuffs. but i looked like the liberty bell in the small. it is huge through the hips! not at all like on th model. i also worried it would shrink and i would lose the length in the arms. returned :(	Knits
This sweater is pretty, the cut is very flattering, both colors are nice (i ordered both), but i decided to reutn both only because i have enough sweaters and live in southern california... otherwise, say go for it. it is well made and woud definitely keep me warm. i also like the mock neck, the long sleeve "hem" and contrasting colors... i tried on petite xs, which was perfect for me #5'1.5", 115 lbs#.	Knits
This top caught my eye in store because of the fabric texture and light gray color. i wasn't too sure i'd like the cut on the bottom, but the neckline was so lovely i thought i'd try it out. i went with a small which is my usual (if not extra small) and loved it as soon as i put it on. the shape is very flattering, even with my post baby figure. i definitely think that it's better in person than in the photos online. and the price seems very good for a lovely sweater that's both classic and mode	Knits
This is by far one of my favorite dresses i have tried on in a long time. i am a 2-4, the small was tts and so flattering. i think this would be better for someone taller with a lean frame, though its not super tight and the material has a great weight to it, it isn't lined and could definitely show figure flaws. for me it skims my body elegantly and was very comfortable through the bust, waist and hip (34c/26/36). it fits me like the model in the image. the one down side is that it is pullover	Dresses
I purchased this top (i thought of it as a sweater) to wear for a chilly holiday in mn. it's super flattering and i think it would be on anyone! my 28 year old daughter saw it on me and claimed at a christmas present so i just ordered another. we have very different body types but the neckline made us both look very elegant and it is super comfortable. i haven't seen how it cleans, yet. we both got the lighter colored one...love!	Knits
Immediately loved this when i saw it online and even more in person. i'm only 5'1' so i tried the petite sizing first but ended up buying the regular in an xs for the slightly longer length. the regular fit me like the model in length and i probably could have taken the xxs except the sleeves were too narrow in that size. i like that the cuffs are long so if you have to turn it up (like i do) it doesn't look weird. also, i found the fit flattering at the hips, following my hourglass shape withou	Knits
My retailer location only had the blue option, which i found to be very appealing and better in person for the following reasons:__________pros:- lighter knit like others mentioned.- the blue is a deep blue with threads of shimmery black that give it a more elegant touch while still being casual. i didn't see the grey, so i cannot compare the two differences, but i found the blue color lovely.- this looks much better in person!- it sat well on my tall frame of 5'9", 36 c, wide hips, and hour	Knits
This dress looked like something i would wear and covet for years. unfortunately it was loose in the places where it should show shape and was tight in others. the bodice is incredibly small and not meant for bigger chested women. while the fabric is beautiful, overall the dress did not look like much. disappointed.	Dresses
I was thinking this would be a straight up terry cloth athleisure top, but the subtle metallic thread woven into the cloud gray fabric elevates the style. really loved the top because of the cut and interesting hemline, but i adore it for the bit of sparkle.	Knits
One of the sales women was wearing this today. she looked amazing. then i tried on. i looked really great. the gray pattern is much more distinctive in person. it is comfy - 97% cotton. the unique hem adds punch. able to dress up or down. i'm a true size 6. small fits perfectly. medium was very loose and oversized. well constructed. feels more like a $98 ($78 retail) pullover. highly recommend.	Knits
My sister gave me this top for christmas and it's perfect. i find myself grabbing for it constantly. i'm usually an xsp and the xxs fits me perfectly. i wear it with leggings and jeans.	Knits
Beautiful choice...beautiful fit for my daughter's slim body	Knits
Tried on the blue in xsp and xs, tried the grey in xxs. i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37 with narrow shoulders and a long torso..the blue version runs very wide in the hips compareed to the grey, but is very fitted at the top, giving it a trapeze shape. not a good look on my pear shape. the sleeves on the petite size were a better fit, but it was shorter than on the model. the grey is more slender with very snug arms that do stretch out..a pass for me, even though i love the mostly cotton fa	Knits
I love this color blue. when this item went on sale i had to grab it and i'm glad i did. it feels medium weight to me so i could throw this on, on a cool summer night and also in the fall. there is some sparkle to the fabric which i think is really a nice added touch. feels comfortable on and looks adorable.	Knits
I didn't thoroughly read the description of this product, so when it arrived i was surprised to see the thread was sparkly. i tried it on and the neckline is absolutely beautiful and feminine. it looks like a masculine cut on the model, but it's actually a really beautiful neckline with flared flowing bottom to it.my only complaint is that it looks a tad longer on the model then it is is real life. i'm 5'9" and it shows most of my behind, unlike the length of the model where it seems more like	Knits
I absolutely love this dress! the fit is great and the elastic waist helps to show off your shape. it's great for the warmer fall weather we have in the south, but i can put tights with it when it gets colder. the dress is thin, but not sheer so there's no need for a liner. i'm 5'8, weigh 144lbs and ordered this dress in a size 10. i think i might have been able to wear an 8, but the 10 fit so well that i kept it.	Dresses
This top is the best summer top ever. looks great, washes great, packs great. i get compliments whenever i wear it. fit is true to size. goes with everything.	Knits
I think this top looks lovely; however, it does not fit my body shape. i am an hourglass shape. the shirt clung tightly to my chest and didn't drape nicely around my waist/hips like on the model. i think top could look great on someone who has a lean, square, or athletic build.also, this top definitely runs large. according to the retailer size chart, i should be between a small and a medium for my waist and hip measurements, but this top was much too large overall in a small and still	Knits
So much about this dress is wonderful - the fabric is a nice weight, the color is gorgeous (i got this in the blue), the length on the petite hits right above the knee. unfortunately, i got a 12p - my usual size in antho dresses - and the elastic waistband was on my boobs rather than under them. i've got a sizable bust (36g), so this happens from time to time. i'm exchanging for a regular, which hopefully will have a little more room, but busty gals beware! at least it's not too low cut!	Dresses
This dress was my absolute favorite recent retailer purchase. the fit is so flattering. i think this dress runs true to size-i usually wear a size 6 in hd in paris, and that's what size i ordered. i expect i could have fit in a 4 but the 6 is comfortable. i am 5'4'' but i ordered the regular length and it hit just above the knee. i agree that it could use pockets but no need for lining. however-- i just laundered this dress for the first time-hand wash, lay flat to dry (as recommended) and this dr	Dresses
This is a beautiful top! it fits like a glove, very flattering.& got lots of compliments.i am 5'4" and 125 lbs, i bought size medium. love it! worth the money:)	Knits
Just bought this in navy and love the easy versatility of it! the other colors in the print (including some black) can be worn as is, with a cardi, denim jacket, leggings/tights and boots, etc. i found the fit to be somewhat loose in my usual size 4, particularly in the chest (i'm 34a), and length was long enough to not need leggings in spring/summer (at 5'7"). the neckline is cut somewhat low, but retains modesty in my opinion because of how narrow of a v it is (don't feel need for cami). very	Dresses
Comfortable and flattering for all body types...good for both day and evening...	Dresses
Beautiful. did not look like much on the hanger, but this is a beauty. give it a try!i am 5'10; normally a size 6 and the small fits perfectly. it should be loose fitting, with a dropped, not so obvious flounce. the colors are subtle and it will go nicely with many lightweight summer pants and shorts!	Knits
I love this dress! purchased it in pink and then in the blue color. it's perfect for any occasion and is very comfortable. i feel like it fits true to size and was not to revealing in the front however if i was to wear this to work it would need a cami underneath. it is not lined as well. love this dress! buy it in every color!	Dresses
This is a great throw on and go dress. it would work great with a sweater and tights or by itself in the hottest of weather. it looks a lot less awkward on than the picture online indicates.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the new arrivals in red, and it caught my attention, but not enough to order it (the pictures online for other colors didn't look that great). well, i saw the black in the store and decided to try it on as it looked like hte cut would be cute. it fit like a glove and i actually love the pattern. i ordred the peite to compare, and also the red to see in person... we shall see which is the winnrer!	Dresses
Really liked this dress, but it ran too big for me.	Dresses
Dress is cute and comfortable to wear. i bought the black motif in regular size 0. it fits perfectly and falls just above my knees. i have washed it in the washing machine placed in a large zippered mesh bag and hung it to dry. as mentioned in previous reviews, with the exception of it being unlined, it's a wonderful dress and am so happy to have it.	Dresses
Beautiful lightweight cardigan. the sheerness is really pretty. ordered one for my sister too!	Knits
I love this dress. i am wearing it for thanksgiving! i bought the black because the red was sold out, but would definitely buy more colors. true to size. i'm 5'6" 135 and bought the 6. only issue is i have to wear a slip underneath because it's not lined and a tiny bit low cut for me.	Dresses
I bought this dress in black with the polka dot pattern, and the style is adorable. i love the empire waist and the fit is very flattering. the v does come down a bit low, but a cami can be work underneath for more coverage. my main complaint is the fabric. it is very thin and wrinkles extremely easily. luckily the dark color hides this, but it's a bit disappointing how easily it wrinkles.great style with leggings or tights - really an all-season dress, though. ran very large for me - i purcha	Dresses
I'm glad that i went with the other reviewers and sized down on this one. i bought this in a medium (usually wear a 10/12) and it fit perfectly. the colors and pattern are beautiful and will definitely look great with dark jeans/pants/shorts. the lace detail is just gorgeous! the bottom flows more loosely, but just enough to cover any midsection flaws and pairs nicely with dark skinny jeans.	Knits
Well made garment. i love the colors, fabric and flounce at the bottom. the top is a little large on top with large armholes, but at least it will be cool on a hot summer day.	Knits
I purchased this dress for my 31st birthday and i am so glad that i did! i saw it in my local retailer store and immediately had to try it on! it is very flattering because i am 5'0, usually a size 8 or 10 in dresses and it fit perfect! the material is light, definitely suggest delicate cycle and hang-drying, but it is nice because you can layer this dress with a vest or coat! highly recommend this dress!	Dresses
Flowing top that looks great with skinny slacks... makes a great and comfortable work outfit.	Knits
This is a beautiful dress! i bought the red color in petite and love it. i know i will wear it a lot and the style is really easy to wear. i feel amazing in it even tho my post baby body isn't what it was.	Dresses
Lovely top, well made and feels wonderful on. attention petites - i highly suggest you go for petite sizing because the standard xs is ginormous and looked nothing like it does on the model pictured.	Knits
I am 5'9 135lbs, small chest and narrow shoulders. the 6 fits me perfectly. i love the fact that there is a hem, if i decide to let it down just a little. being over 60 and tall, it is so disappointing to find a dress you love but is just a little too short. the fabric is not too heavy for our moderate summers and i think i will wear this often.	Dresses
I was so sad not to love this dress. it is beautiful, but is so unflattering on. there is a lot of material under the arms and it gathers up due to the smocking. so, it just made me look incredibly frumpy. i don't really think a petite would have helped - the gathers just bunch a bit and so rather than hang, the dress sort of clumps. i am lean but broad shouldered and maybe that is the problem, but i was super disappointed. narrow shouldered people with long torsos could pull this off. it is a t	Dresses
I liked this dress, but had some issues. i am 5' 3" and a 34 d. with small shoulders. the dress was way too big in the shoulders in the 6 i usually wear, so just hung on me funny. otherwise i really liked it. if it weren't for the way it fit me on top (not an unusual problem if you are large busted but have small shoulders) meant i had to return it.	Dresses
For reference i am wearing a medium in the photos and my measurements are 38-30-40.	Dresses
As other reviewers have noted, this is a pretty top. i really love the design. alas, however, it is too big for my frame. for reference i am barely 5'1" and about 105 lbs. i ordered my usual xxsp and the fit is just not flattering on me. it is looser than on the model and the flounce does not hit me in the proper place. the top is also too wide so that it has these odd gaps near the armpits. i highly recommend this top unless you are an xxsp. i am going to have to part with it, sadly.	Knits
Love this dress! but don't wash it! it shrinks about 2 inches making it way too short for me! it should be dry clean only!	Dresses
Beautiful dress. not lined, but the fabric is sturdy enough. i do prefer a slip under but that is my preference for most things. great for dressing up or down. so comfortable.	Dresses
Love, love, love this dress! i needed a fun but not over the top dress for family pictures and this was perfect. great pop of color and looked amazing with over the knee boots. i see myself wearing this thru the holidays and will likely throw on with a jean jacket. i found it true to size - my normal size 4 fits me well. buy this dress - you won't regret it!	Dresses
This fits like a dream! the almost three quarter length sleeves are perfection. worth every penny!	Dresses
I didn't look close enough when i ordered and failed to see that this was a peplum top. it did not do my post-pregnancy body any favors. but the collar area detail is quite nice and this would look great on the right body.	Knits
Comfortable fabric and beautiful print! light enough for the summer but is also great for fall.	Dresses
This shirt fits well, is flattering, and has a really pretty pattern to it. the lace adds a romantic touch that sets it apart. it's also incredibly soft and comfortable.	Knits
I love this dress.i have it in black and am about to buy it in the blue..i'm usually a 4 but i bought a size 2. it is light and flattering with the gathering above the waist....does tend to crease a bit, but it's not too bad. love the way it can be dressed up or down (think boots or vans or sandles). i will dress it up to go out, but also throw it on to pick the kids up from school.	Dresses
I love everything about this dress. cute, comfortable, easy to wear. it does wrinkle a little and it's not lined but otherwise, i love it.	Dresses
Every once in a while, i randomly pick something from the sales floor that really knocks it out of the park. print is subtle and pretty, crochet neck really lightens up the look of a long top with a lot of coverage. it's cut perfectly--beautifully drapes without being so flowy it's mistaken for maternity. worth full price! word of warning, i saw one top on the rack with a small amount of crochet that was unraveling, so may need to check before buying. i'm usually a size 6-8, purchased size small	Knits
I bought this dress in the blue print and love it! the drape is lovely and its not too short. i feel like it can be dressed up or down. i plan to wear it to a wedding at the end of the month. for reference, my measurements are 36-27-38 (chest 36d and height 5'4) and i ordered the small. i'm usually a small-medium but went with a small based on other reviews. i have a short torso as well and i feel this dress fits perfectly, not too small or too large. as other reviewers stated, there is no linin	Dresses
Very flattering to a woman's figure. can dress up or down.	Dresses
I can't say enough about this top! absolutely adorable, the pics don't do it justice. it is made of a soft, medium weight jersey material. the lace makes the top more dressey and unique. the drop waiste elongatesy our torso and is loose pleated at the bottom for interest. i am 5'6'', 135 pounds, and long waisted. this fits me perfect (sz small.) the pleated bottom on me begins at low hips (below belly button) so it layes nice and is very flattering. no swing to the top,no bulky extra flare at al	Knits
This is a stunning, flattering, well-designed and sized, magnificent, and yet wearable, comfortable summer blouse! i am a busty, 34f, size 8, and this lovely piece makes me look amazing. i most highly recommend to any woman. the 100% cotton body has a very soft feeling and a little bit of "give". i experienced no pulling at the chest or back, which can happen for me. the bottom 2" of the crochet v is backed by the body of the top, so you may not need a cami. the combination of leaf print/crochet	Knits
Love this dress and have bought the style in three color/pattern variations. fits comfortably, looks polished yet effortless. appreciate that the sleeves come closer to the elbow, gives it a vintage vibe.	Dresses
This is a pretty, yet comfortable dress. perfect to wear to work or out to brunch with the girls.	Dresses
This is a fun little dress, with a nice double seam bodice detail. i'm large busted and it's very flattering. also, in my size (12) the hem hit just at the top of the knee, which i prefer. great with tights and booties, or boots. cute with a sweater. all around very wearable and a nice holiday option.	Dresses
I love the simplicity of this. it's not fussy at all. i fell in love with the green color online. fortunately someone had returned a green to my closest store though it wasn't my size. the color is even better in person.i tried on the blue (also pretty) in a 8 and 10, as i'm all over the place in retailer sizing. i could've taken either but the 10 had too much material on top for me. i ordered the 8. i'm hoping it won't be too short for church.	Dresses
I've never been so bummed a dress didn't work for me. this is so cute. i love that it's got a bit of a sleeve. it's one of those easy, pop-it-on-and-go pieces i'd love to have in my closet. i'm 5'2" and i tried on a 6p in the store and it was prefect except for the bust. the elastic peaked in the front and i can't imaging this dress working on anyone with more than a b cup. (i'm a d and it looked ridiculous in the bodice). i tried on a 6, and the proportions were all off. if the elastic went str	Dresses
This ia a great casual top...the design flaws mentioned in previous reviews are what gives it a trendier look...the length is perfect but i needed to size down from a large to medium because the fit was a bit loose on the body and arm...would like to add that while it is good quality it's still somewhat overpriced for a t -shirt material top, lace accent..	Knits
Tried this after missing out on the very similar terra max dress where petite sizes sold out. the medium is perfect and the style can be dressed up. wore it on a day out and two strangers complimented me on the 'great dress'!	Dresses
After eyeing this product online for awhile, i was able to try it on in store. i'm so glad i did, because while this dress is lovely, it is clearly not designed for my body type. i have a small rib cage and a large bust (32h,) which is i think what caused the keyhole to be so gaping on me. additionally, the straps of the dress were up by my neckline instead of lying properly on my shoulders, which was unflattering and left my bra straps clearly visible. the fabric was gorgeous and soft, and the	Dresses
Was pleasantly surprised at house nice this too was! the colors are beautiful. the top is flowy and drapes nicely. true to size. i'm a 4/6 and ordered a small.	Knits
I love this shirt. it is very soft and the lace on the sleeves adds an extra element. i liked this shirt so much, that i ordered a second one.	Knits
The design of this top and colors are amazing! the only complaint i have is that it is quite large. i should have sized down. needless to say i kept it as a summer to fall transition piece!	Knits
This dress looked ok in the hanger, but oh my on was so much better. quality is great, i love the fabric and that it has pockets.i'm 5'8 and normally a ddd usually a large too...so i worried about the size - the medium fits great everywhere	Dresses
This tank is very loose fitting, which i can understand would make some think it runs large. taking into account the fabric and the twisted straps, i personally think it would look ridiculous if it was more fitted. i love the draped styling, which i also think makes sense with the pattern. it's an easy top too...just throw on and go. and the loose fit is perfect for the disgustingly hot and humid summer months here in the midwest.	Knits
Love the floral pattern. top is loose and flowy, as expected. i like to tick it into my jeans or shorts, so it doesn't look quite so shapeless on me.	Knits
I ordered this dress in both a petite xs and regular xs and the petite fit the best. for the first time in my life i did not have to shorten a maxi dress and i am 4ft 10"! the color is a beautiful dark blue( not sure why the color online says charcoal) and the opening at the chest area is a little low, but nothing that double sided tape can not fix. another bonus, as other reviewers have stated, is that you can wear a regular bra. lastly it does not wrinkle, so you can bring this on vacation	Dresses
I loved the design and light weight quality. reference i'm 5'4, 125..i ordered a small, it's a tad big but i can handle it. because of the neck line, you must wear a strapless bra.	Knits
This top does run quite large. i am normally an xs or s in tops (i'm 5'7", 130lbs, 34a), and i was debating between the xs and xsp. the xxs was out of stock, so i wasn't able to try it on for size. the xs is noticeably longer and fits more like it does on the model, but it was also a little too low cut for me on top. the straps are twisted and not adjustable, so i went with the xsp, which is what i'm wearing in the photo. it does come up a little shorter, but it fits me better in the bust. the f	Knits
Very nice and the sleeve have a great design and the length is finally long enough	Knits
This dress fits so well, it is extremely well cut and flattering. the length is perfect (i am 5'5). i passed on it though, because i didn't love the color. almost like a navy blue that has been washed one too many times. if this dress had more color options or made in a cute print i would not hesitate to buy it. if blue is your color go for it.	Dresses
Love everything about this top! comfortable yet classy, dress it up or down depending on occasion. beautiful design.	Knits
This tank is pretty. it looks nice and is not cut too low. the bottom is "flowy" and not extremely fitted. i always get a lot of compliments when i wear it.	Knits
I just had to try it on because it was so soft! and i have never felt so comfortable and so sexy at the same time in a dress! i am 5'4 170lbs and 36ddd and the large fit well. i only with the slit came up higher. that might be an issue just because of my height though. loved it, waiting for a good sale!!	Dresses
This dress is so soft! the dress hangs really well across the front and hides your stomach area a bit. you can wear a regular bra with this dress as well. the downside to this dress is that is shows the slightest liquid and stains very easily. wore this on a hot day and the slightest sweat showed. in addition, the front drape across the chest can gape open and show your bra. overall, i really love the fit of this dress.	Dresses
The flower print really caught my eye. i like the unique twisted neckline. there is a lot of material here, but it hangs nicely without billowing out like some other unfortunate tops.	Knits
This dress is amazing. based upon its rack appearance i never would have tried this dress on but the fabric was irresistibly soft so i gave it a try. i was amazed to see it fit so well. i'm very curvy (125lbs, 5'4", 32dd ) so normally a dress without structure doesn't work on me but this one somehow does. the elastic waist hits right at the smallest part of my waist (i'm very short waisted if that helps) and flows from there beautifully. i think the v-cut at the chest area help reduce the appear	Dresses
I'm not sure why this dress is getting great reviews. the plunging neckline is ridiculous and ran down to the underwire of my bra and the slit up the side came up to the upper part of my thigh. it was one of the worst fitting/cut dresses i've every tried on at retailer. i'm 5'4 125. maybe you have to be 6 feet tall and 90 pounds for this dress to not look like a bad renaissance faire costume.	Dresses
This shirt is so cute. it's so soft, love the lace element on the arm. definitely thinking of ordering the white. the back for me is a lot longer then the pic shows but i think it looks good.	Knits
I have worn this dress twice and it is amazing. the material feels heavy and drapey but i still feel nice and cool in it. i always have several people asking me where i bought it when i wear it. i am 5'1 130 lbs and 34 d. i bought a small petite and it fit perfectly. i love this dress and would highly recommend it to anyone. definitely one of the best things i've ever bought from retailer.	Dresses
This top is very pretty, but it doesn't make up for the problems with it. retailer seems to be suffering from quality issues as of late. the sizes are all over the place and items i have purchased don't seem to hold up to normal use and washing. i normally wear a medium in tops. the medium in this top was huge. i needed an extra small, which means a lot of people are sized out of this top. i hand washed this top in cold water as the tag indicated and it shrunk! it shrunk so much that i can	Knits
I got this dress in pxxs in the gray color, i am 5'4", 100lbs, petite frame, and it fits like a dream. true to size. the fabric is super soft and thick, drapes well, not too tight, and u can wear a regular bra!!!. length is also perfect, no shortening required (which is rare for me - this could be an issue for tall girls but i wouldnt know about that). it looks great with dressy flip flops for any summer occasion, can be casual or dressy depending on accessories. great purchase, 100% recommend.	Dresses
Just agreeing with all the good reviews. love the color, feel, fit and versatility. you can look sexy or modest depending on your underpinnings and accessories. drapes over and disguises my figure flaws. this is a three season dress for me and i look forward to having this in my rotation in the years to come. i bought regular hem instead of petite.	Dresses
I bought the tiny brand "cassia" tank last week in a small, and it fits beautifully. i ordered this "sorcha" tank in a small as well and it is huge! i am very sad about the huge size difference. look closely at the photos... the fabric twists as it goes over the shoulders to the back....it is quite bulky. hard to tell if that would minimize in a smaller size. my store doesn't carry this item so i can't easily try another.	Knits
My husband bought it for me and i was a bit skeptical at first. tried it on and absolutely loved it. besides the really soft fabric, it has pockets which makes it even more comfortable for me! i'm 5'8", 123lbs. and flat chested. he got me a medium, which fits a bit tight, but my husband likes it so it's a keeper!	Dresses
This is the best ever t-shirt i've ever worn. feels so soft! looks gorgeous! very comfortable and yet has that bit of sparkle that makes it perfect for a special evening with friends etc! just love the fit- it makes me look slimmer:)	Knits
I was surprised i was the 1st to review this t- i got it on black friday & loved the fit and look immediately! i wear w skinny jeans and boots but also converse or ... many options and a good price!	Knits
This little number is really cute, i got it on sale, after i looked at it, went home, slept and decided i had to go ack for it:-0i will wear it with trouser jeans and a blazer for work, or jsut jeans and boots for casual wear.	Knits
Such an amazing shirt to dress down for a long day at school	Knits
Love the tee but it is very thin. best for layering	Knits
This shirt fits great. normally wear an xs or a small and a small fits in this. comfortable and cute on. i wish i had ordered the other color as well.	Knits
The first reviewer was right about this dress--checked her review before buying it. it's a beautiful creation and perfectly designed, and it's also slimming. i was worried that the fit might be too tight in the skirt, but it is fine. highly recommended.	Dresses
It's really a casual tee, but with the cute pattern that gives a pop of color, it can have a little more dressed to go out look. i thought it might be a bit wide by the picture, but has a nice flattering flow. a bit expensive at full price but an amazing score on sale.	Knits
Fits great, not too tight/baggy. pattern on shirt is pretty and should work for layering or wearing on its own.	Knits
I thought i'd add a review because a lot of this landscape-print tee was still available at my local durham, nc store (the week after xmas anyway). it's a little different in person than how it appeared online (when it was still available). the white cotton is definitely a cream or off-white. and the silkscreen is darker colors and much more metallic than shown. the metallic is a subtle gold. it's definitely 3/4 sleeves, which i like and it has a curved bottom hem. the surprise to me was that it	Knits
I got this tee for a great price online and i did like it a lot. i got it in medium and i might have liked it better if it was just a bit bigger or if the material wasn't quite so clingy. i decided it had to go back.	Knits
Great fit and very cute design. goes great with jeans.	Knits
I didn't even notice this tee online, but in person in the store, i instantly loved it. then trying it on, loved it even more. it is flattering without being too tight. i got an xs, which is my usual size. i'm not a huge fan of the 3/4 sleeve length in winter, so i almost wish it had been either long or short sleeve, but no biggie, i still love!	Knits
I don't normally spend so much on t shirts but this one is worth it. really well made and quite unique. i reckon i'll get a lot of use out of it,	Knits
I probably wouldn't have even tried this on in the store, but i took a chance when it was on sale. i put it on and it was immediate love. the fit is perfect. i am between a medium and a large and got it in a large. it is not boxy, but not too tight either. it feels well made.	Knits
Love this top. purchased in a size medium, my typical retailer size and is very comfortable and lovely. wearing it under the pink peplum cardigan it was shown together with as well as wear it with jeans and other pants. i wish it came in different colors and other images as this a very well made top. purchased during the after christmas tag sale and love it even more. will be great in spring and summer, cooler days in summer.	Knits
I bought the grey t with the design around the yoke. it's cute, but the fabric is a little on the thin side. kind of cheap. i'm glad i didn't pay full price for it. runs true to size.	Knits
I bought the blue dress, though the "blue" dress was a little more like grey according to my husband and i. the quality of the fabric was quite nice.i have to return the dress because it does not fit me around the bust. i consider myself to have a good size bust (not huge), but the dress seems to expect quite a bit smaller. i was initially attracted to the dress because it looked a little more casual, which is what i wanted, but i guess i just wouldn't call it at all pretty.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. the lace top is stunning! the fit is true to size, and there's no stretch. i had the same problem as other reviewers... that darn zipper. it's so small and gets hung up easily. i could see it eventually failing in the future.	Dresses
This is definitely a personal preference review. i loved this dress when i tried it on. it's really beautiful. however, there was just way too much fabric on the sleeves for me. i know it's the style and i have similar style dresses, but i felt really large in this dress and it all came down to the sleeves for me.	Dresses
This is an absolutely gorgeous dress. i have the arcata patchwork dress which fits beautifully without looking too full, but this one is just too voluminous. also, the bottom of the front yoke hits at a weird spot on my bust. this would be a great maternity dress or it would be perfect for a thin woman who can carry off the large amount of fabric. so disappointed, the fabric is beautiful and the colors are too. this can be worn year round, with sandals or boots.	Dresses
As soon as i opened the package, i knew that this is going to be my all time retailer favorite. many reviewers mentioned how puffy the sleeves are but i see it as quite proportioned with the rest of the dress. tts i am 5'5" and 128lb, ps fits perfect. i am an addict of retailer dress <3	Dresses
I popped into retailer the other day just to look around, and saw this dress - the fabric stood out first, then i saw the cut and style, and fell in love! they only had xs and s, and i'm usually a m because of my chest (34d) but it looked so voluminous, i thought i'd try it on. the s fit perfectly! the bodice fit a bit more closely, and the rest of the dress flowed beautifully beneath it. the sleeves are quite large, but it's kind of a fun look and feel. it's got a very "peasant princess" feel to	Dresses
It's the perfect sweatshirt! super comfortable, but also cute! i am 5'4'' and 125 pounds, and the size 0 fits perfectly.	Knits
A beautiful, comfortable dress with it's own unique style. a must to add to your wardrobe	Dresses
This dress looked very flattering on me, i say true to size to slightly small. as mentioned in title, the zipper ended up opening in the middle near where the waist is. the lace is soft and fits comfortably, the waist band is the tighter fit. the skirt is less see-through in the store anyway. darker red in person (overall). hoping the one i tired on was a fluke. the skirt has a bit of pleating to it, or atl east it looks like it...regular size hit me below the knee, almost mid-shin, wasn't t	Dresses
This is a great staple for laid back weekend wardrobe. the inside of the pullover is soft, like sweatshirt material, and its comfortable enough to sleep in. also cute enough to wear out with jeans. i would definitely recommend this sweatshirt. i'm typically a size 0 in retailer - i ordered this shirt in a size 1 and i love the fit.	Knits
Lush eye catching print. saw it, tried it on and had to have it, full price or not. very comfortable. bought one size down and it fit perfectly.	Dresses
I love this dress! it's so comfy and flowy. i wore to an event and got many compliments on the color and design of the dress. i'm 5'5" and weigh 150.	Dresses
I love this dress! i ordered a petite size and just love how it fits. i would highly recommend this dress, too cute!	Dresses
This is a gorgeous dress... great print, comfortable fabric (very wrinkly, though). runs very small. i'm usually a 00 or even sized out at retailer and will need to size up to a 2.	Dresses
This dress is slightly tight on me and i usually wear petite 00 or xxs (5'1 100 lbs) the quality of the fabric is thick and texture, colors are just like the photo, and it has a nice satin like underlining in a dark navy. the snug fit of the dress makes it so i don't need a bra, which is nice especially for a day dress !	Dresses
This dress is a nice twist on a luncheon/work dress. can pair with blazer or sweater, and it looks really cute with hair styled up - almost throwback.zipper sometimes gets a little caught on the lace top, but overall i'm really happy with this dress!	Dresses
Quality is great, fit is great, and the message keeps me in a good mood and motivated throughout the day :)i got it in a size 2 (i am usually a s-m in retailer tops) and it fits great (for reference 5'4" 140lbs, 37-29-39).i usually don't wear grey but the bright colored font led me to make an exception.very happy with the purchase!	Knits
I ordered this dress and have sent it back. i think it could be a flattering dress; the waist hit quite a bit above my natural waist which made the entire thing fit weirdly. i am very long waisted, so this might just be a problem for me. i ordered regular size 2.	Dresses
I love this dress but the zipper is definitely defective.its a flatering style and i love the fabric and fit. im normally a 10 but the 8 fit perfectly. i'm nervous to wear it because of the zipper. i would return it but dont have the receipt.	Dresses
I received this in the mail and it looked beautiful but the zipper was broken just like one of the other reviews. normally i would just exchange but i don't know if it's worth getting another broken one.	Dresses
This dress is so much better in person! i got the petite size (i am 5'2") and it seems to run a bit smaller than the regular size- i have a fairly large bust so i went up a size and it seems to fit perfectly. love the colors and vintage design! i can't wait to wear it for a wedding i will be attending!	Dresses
This dress overwhelmed me. i'm 5 feet tall and the print and material just took over.	Dresses
I was tempted to get this online but just wasn't sure i wanted to buy even with the sale because i only wear dresses to the knee and didn't know how this would look with leggings or jeans. i tried it on in the store the next day and it was so cute! there are long skinny black tassels in the front that you can't really see in the online pics that i love. it looks great with my skinny jeans with tears or black leggings and boots. i even have some cute leggings just past the knee that this looks aw	Dresses
Dress just arrived and i was a bit nervous of the fit based on the other six reviewers stating it runs small. i actually found it to run exactly true to size. i'm 5'6" 38-26-38 slender, and on average i wear a size 6, which is what i ordered - 6 regular and it fits as though it was custom made for me. this dress is made very well - looks tailored and hits me right above the knee similar to the model. i feel i scored big by purchasing it at the sale price.	Dresses
The picture of this dress does not do the colors justice. they are a very rich green and pink, which were a popular color combination in the 70's. (i was there!) it adds an authentic touch to this great peasant dress. the black and white embroidery on the bib gives it a modern flair. i am 5'6", 130 pounds, and usually wear a size six in a dress. the small fit perfect. while the dress is billowy, the square on the back pulls it in, so it doesn't fit like a tent. perfect for boots now, sandals lat	Dresses
Beautiful dress! the pics online do not do any justice! i got compliments all day!	Dresses
The second this dress arrived in my store i knew it was a must have. i am all things bohemian and this dress encompasses everything wonderful about a free fitting, feminine bohemian dress! first off the sleeves are not fitted. they have quite a bit of fabric to them (big armed ladies rejoice!), but have an elastic cuff so you can wear them high or low. the only fitted part to this dress is the lace panel (which still fits true to size), and the slip underneath (which appears to have a bit of str	Dresses
I just got this dress and i love it! it is classic and beautiful. the zipper is tricky right at the band but otherwise no issue there. i cannot wait to wear it.	Dresses
It broke my heart to have to return this dress -- the fabric is simply gorgeous, very high quality, and i love the contrast between the yoke and the rest of the dress. but it was simply not flattering on me. i am 5-4 with a relatively large bust and an overall medium build. the small size fit me perfectly, but the cut just didn't look good on me. i have other tunic dresses that look great on me with tights and boots. so i am not entirely sure why this dress just didn't work for me. it may be tha	Dresses
Just received my dress today and i am pleased with the quality of the dress. i am small on top , small waist with hips and a heavy bottom . i normally. wear a size 8 dress , so i ordered this dress in a size 8 and it was a perfect fit . the material is soft and so comfortable . the zipper was not a issue as mentioned in the other comments . i can't wait to wear this ! my new favorite dress .	Dresses
I saw this online, and liked it but then tried it on in a store a few weeks later, and the pictures truly do not do this gem of a dress justice. the fit is flowy but tts as the cotton lining underneath fits closer to the body. it's an incredibly comfortable and easy piece to wear. the first day i wore this i received so many compliments! the colors are vibrant and it's really just a unique piece with beautiful detailing from the embroidery on the top of the dress to the beads on the ties on the	Dresses
I love this dress and have already worn it a couple times since purchasing. it is great because it has sleeves and i don't have to wear a sweater with it! my only complaint is the lining on the inside is pretty form fitting. i would have liked it to be more flowy like the dress.	Dresses
I normally wear 0 in retailer dresses. the bottom is roomy but top from band up runs small. i bought a 2 and love it. i plan to wear it to a wedding.	Dresses
This was all wrong on me. the puffy sleeves made me look a foot wider. i'm thinking this will look good on tall slim ladies. it is extremely comfortable and the material is very pretty though. tts	Dresses
Good quality shirt. cute design and not sheer. not quite as loose and stretchy as most of retailer's shirt, but good fit.	Knits
I was disappointed with this dress because it is not the usual retailer quality. the quality of the material is not very good. i've bought boiled wood jackets from this brand before and they're very soft and very well made, hence my disappointment. i agree with the other reviewers in that this dress runs very large and the length is short for a winter dress.	Dresses
This dress runs very large. i am 5'4 and 120 lbs, hourglass, curvy build. i ordered a size small and its enormous on me. the description says fitted but it is not fitted at all. it's like a big wool sack. i'd have to gain 30 lbs for this dress to come close to fitting. i'm very sad that the fit is so far off and the dress is now all sold out in all smaller sizes, including petite. (i never normally buy petite clothes but i think i would have to get a petite xs if it were available). the dress lo	Dresses
I tried this dress on in store. i loved it online, but in person....not so much. it looked and felt like a cheap halloween costume. the fabric was bad. really bad.. the mustard color was beautiful.... boo	Dresses
I wanted so much to love this dress, but unfortunately the fit was so poor i had to return it. the color of the dress (green) was lovely, and i liked the fabric and the overall design very much. i read the reviews and decided to order an extra small petite given that reviewers said the dress ran large; but even at that size the dress was too large, especially around the hips (which, for someone with an hourglass figure, is saying a lot!). the extra fabric around the hips belled out some, making	Dresses
I love this dress!!! this is perfect for ladies with curves. it does run a little large and i felt i could have worn both the small and the medium. i bought medium because it accentuated my curves without being too revealing. i bought the dark green which is a beautiful color and not see through at all...although i can guess the white might show a little but the white was not available in my store. this will be so perfect for the cold weather.	Dresses
Bought this for my brother's wedding and i just received it. i ordered my usual size xs. it's a tightly woven knit, with little to no stretch in it. i could barely get it over my head and my arms could barely fit in the sleeves. and i don't have big arms at all. for reference, i'm pushing 5'7", around 125 lbs. i'm glad it's so structured because i was worried that it would lose it's shape with this material make-up. but, no. it's really fitted. alas, i need to try again with the next size up. ma	Dresses
I love the button details on this top. i was expecting the material to be thicker, but it's quite thin. it isn't sheer, but i will layer it for the winter months. overall the fit is true to size. i am 5'0, 110 lbs and the xxs fit me well. the arms were more snug than shown on the model and the shirt was loose without being too flowy or boxy.	Knits
Fabric is soft and comfy, color is true to photo. the arms are a little tight now and i haven't washed it yet so i am a bit worried but still a keeper.	Knits
As others have said, this dress does run large. i ordered the xxs petite, and ti isalmsot big on me (hips are wide, so at least, it is comfortable in width). material is a bit scratchier than i am used to s well.color is great, and it looks nice when i see it on my stylist, who convinced me to hold on to it for a little... thinking about it.my zipepr was also a little hard to work.shorter than some other dresses...	Dresses
I loved this purchase. the dress is beautiful. it?s classy, very feminine and rich-looking. the colors and fabric are exactly as shown on a picture. it is tailored and non-stretch, so size has to be right. i am between 6 and 8 and my size m dress fits well. had to spend time shopping for a belt as the dress definitely needs one. gorgeous dress!	Dresses
I love this top!! in fact if it came in more colors, i'd buy a few more. it's just so soft and comfortable, wear it now in cooler weather with layers or later in spring and even cooler summer nights. the neckline is perfect, love the subtle details. it fits perfect in my usual size medium and is a good length to wear either with jeans or long enough for leggings with a cami peaking out beneath. yes, i love it, just wish there were more colors.	Knits
This is a gorgeous dress that while it runs quite small ( i normally take a s or xs ). i had to exchange it for a medium. i am 5 4" and it falls below the knee which is how i like my dresses. it is a gorgeous pattern of color which could be worn for 3 seasons. i look forward to wearing it for many special occasions.	Dresses
This is a very cute and warm dress. it is flattering, yet appropriate for work. but i had to send it back for two reasons. the zipper didn't work well. it just wouldn't zip without someone helping me and even then it was very difficult to zip. perhaps it was just the zipper on my dress?the neck felt like it was strangling me was the other reason i sent it back. if i am not comfortable i will not end up wearing it, so even though i loved the style of it the pragmatics were lacking.	Dresses
Wore this dress last weekend in nyc. wore it from lunch until late night drinks after dinner. walked for hours in the dress. comfortable but dressy.	Dresses
I agree with the review above regarding the sizing of the dress being large. i am a pear shape so i was worried the small would be tight in the hips however, the dress as a whole seemed large and not overly shapely. i'm 5'8" but i also thought the dress was an inch or so shorter than i would prefer for a winter/fall dress. the dress is a very dark forest green (not black). see the photo for the shaping of the dress - it shoes that, due to the material, it oddly bulges in certain regions rather t	Dresses
Material is too thin and quality is poor	Knits
Looks much nicer in the photo. i expected a much higher quality fabric. this fabric truly felt cheap. i expected a nicer dress for the price. the fit was unflattering on me. sent it back	Dresses
The fabric is very thin. it isn't see through, just thin. i would have kept this if the full length shell wasn't longer than the dress.	Dresses
This dress is lovely. the colors seem a bit more muted than as reflected on model; otherwise, looks very similar to photo. it has a slimline style and is very flattering. the dress has a more casual appearance than as is reflected in the photo. its really more of a day dress than a special occasion dress, notwithstanding another reviewer's opinion to the contrary.i ordered up a size due to reading other reviews. i found it to be a bit larger than i wanted so i washed and tumble dried it on low	Dresses
I purchased this beauty in the sophisticated dark green on black friday and it has been in constant rotation. it looks chic and classy, feels comfortable and warm. i only wish it was about 2 inches longer, i'm 5'5 and it hits at low thigh, i prefer just above the knee for a winter dress. very practical for walking around city all day and then being ready for a dinner or drinks in style. love it.	Dresses
Ordered it because i am fan of floral dresses.i found that colors are not as bright as pictured, overall color looks beige in real life. fabric has nice weight, not too heavy nor too light, it is not itchy, but not very soft either. good dress for colder weather. the sizing was right, i got my usual m and i am 5'10'' 145lb. the dress has a side zipper, but i did not need it. the dress is slimming and close to the body. the cut did not work for me: sleeves were too short, i had to pull them up t	Dresses
This dress does run a tad small. for me it was small across the chest and i did have to shimmy into it. i am 5'6", 110 and got size s. if i had gotten the m it would have looked a tad frumpy (on me). pretty, but wasn't happy with the fit aside from that the "line"separating the top from the bottom was rather high for me and it seems that it was not really intended to be an "umpire" waist. i tried a belt with it and at my natural waist left the line uncovered several inches up toward my chest. i	Dresses
This is a cute shirt, but it has slits at the bottom of the hem so that the front bottom of the shirt has this small rectangular "flap." it's not visible from the photo. i think it'll have to be returned for this reason.	Knits
I bought this for an upcoming conference and was grateful that it shipped very promptly.it runs quite large, in my opinion. i'm 5'7" and about 130-135lbs. the small was huge on me in the chest and shoulders/arms. the stomach also wasn't very fitted. the material is thinner than i expected (you can see through the dress to some extent when you hold it up to the light), but i don't think this is a problem, necessarily. had it been thicker, it probably would be too warm. but you might need a slip	Dresses
I took a chance on this top because i liked the style. i prefer natural fibers like cotton and linen. this is rayon and spandex. sure, why not at least give it a shot and go outside my box?! if the fabric would have been my preference, it would have been a keeper. i did not like the feel, nor the semi-sheer quality. maybe it would work for you, but not for me. back it went.	Knits
I got this dress in the green in an xs and was a little leary of the fit in light of the previous review. however, when i tried it on, i was impressed how it felt in the upper torso - it fit great in the neck, arms and shoulders. and i didn't find the rest of the dress to be too roomy, although it wasn't a snug fit either. it came below the knee on me, but it didn't bother me that it was slightly longer than in the modeling pics. it is a little on the itchy side so, it may be best to wear a cami	Dresses
Dress is comfortable, feels great and the fit exceeds flattery. the length hits just above my knees and the small side triangle cutouts add a unique cute, fun but still classic detail that i didn't notice in the picture online. i love this dress and get so many compliments.	Dresses
I bought this dress in an xs, and am 5'4", 115 lbs, and fairly proportional. the shoulders were snug, but the hips (and maybe waist)were at least 2-3x too big. comically so-- the fabric stood away from my body like wings on each side.	Dresses
Love the easy fit of this dress. great for work or family events. love the ribbed sleeves and pockets are a plus!	Dresses
So i now own three sparrow wool sweater dresses (shyle, bressay, this one). they all have the same problem...hips cut large/wide past the waist! everything from the waist up fits great. i'm not sure who they are using as a fit model, but she must be curvy in that j.lo way (which is nice but not my shape). i love the green color, the warmth, the neckline, and the easy fit. i will wear a coat to hide the body of the skirt. and do more squats	Dresses
This shirt is beautiful and so soft. it would have made a wonderful long-sleeved tee except for the fact that it was so low cut. the only way this is wearable is with a tank underneath which, for me, defeats the purpose of this type of shirt. i am rather busty (34 dd), so maybe if you are smaller on top you might could pull it off.	Knits
I am 5 '4", 124lbs, and 36 c - usually take a small or sometimes a medium in t.la tops. this top seems to run particularly large as i ended up with an xs.	Knits
This was a really nice, soft lightweight sweater, perfect for transitioning into fall. i found it to be a tad boxy and while i love a high/lo hem, it was a little short in the front for my liking. i'm still debating if i'm keeping it since i bought it full price, but the color was really pretty and on sale, i would def. go for it. for reference, i got a large since i normally like my clothes more loose.	Knits
Loved this sweater but too boxy	Knits
I love this sweater. the pale pink color is gorgeous. i ordered a large because i have broad shoulders, and it fits perfectly. it's a great sweater for any season. love the slits on the sides and the longer back. i would order more if it came in white or black. love it!	Knits
Wow. this is the perfect sweater. beautiful, soft color. lightweight enough to wear now and into the coming seasons. it drapes beautifully. the knit is tight, no see through or snags. very soft and comfy. the casual, easy, pulled together look is hard to do and this one does it with style. am starting to love this designer. highly recommend.	Knits
This top is perfect. i absolutely love this sweater. it is super cute to wear with shirts for the summer and it will look just as cute with jeans for the fall/winter. the color is very subtle and not too pink. it is super soft and i would 100% recommend this to someone!	Knits
Love this top - it is a beautiful shade of blue and the buttons at the bottom add a nice touch. it is light weight and not too long or wide. i have other t.la tops in small, but the xsm worked better for me with this top.	Knits
Every spring/summer i look forward to t.la's tanks & tees and stock up on them. sometimes it is difficult to determine the color online, but this top (i bought it in green) is without a doubt the same color in person as it is online. the color is a gorgeous sea green and the softest cotton tee (just keeps getting softer wash after wash) and the silver buttons on the side (what a unique twist to an everyday tee). now all i need is the blue one.	Knits
T.la got it right this time. love the fabric. the color is perfect for summer and the color is a great shade of green. exactly as pictured. the left side has a slight cut with silver buttons. exactly as it looks on line. i certainly recommend this top. love it.	Knits
This is an adorable basic & i should have been wearing it once a week this summer, but instead the fabric developed noticeable holes after the very first wear. this brand makes some of the softest, cutest tees, but unfortunately more often than not are unwearable after the first or second wash. i wash on gentle & hang dry. not worth the cost.	Knits
I love the cut and "swing" of this tee. the royal blue is very saturated and pretty.	Knits
This brand always makes the softest tees, and so i buy several each season. when i saw this one online, i worried that it might be too long for my short waist, but i decided to order it anyway. success! i ordered my usual size m (for knit tops - 10/12 in fitted ones), and the length was perfect due to the buttons on the side.fyi: short waist, broad shoulders/back, 36c - i carry my weight in the middle, since i virtually do not have a waistline. so a longer, boxy tee will emphasize the parts of	Knits
I don't know how to explain, but this dress at least for me did not look like the model, first off the dress is extremely heavy and extremely long and then where the fur starts, for me it didn't start at the right spot so it was very awkward looking... so definitely not for my type of body, i am normal height (5'5'', athletic and curvy body) but maybe for a very tall person looks good! the material is very interesting, it's so soft!	Dresses
I loved this dress as pictured online and when i received it i fell in love with the look as well as the fit. it is such a perfect dress for the day or night. i am so happy i ordered it.	Dresses
I'm torn on how to review this dress. i bought it in a lovely slate grey (which doesn't appear to be available now). it drapes cleanly and is extremely comfortable. it has also proven extremely versatile through weight and body changes. i bought a small and am 5'9", and am typically ~130 lbs with a very long waist. i wore it through early pregnancy and now love it because i can nurse my newborn comfortably and it still nicely fits my ~150 lb frame. the problem is that my husband hates th	Dresses
Giving 3.5 stars due to how big this dress runs. i am 5' 118lbs and i was swimming in the xs. it is a beautiful dress, just beware it runs very large.	Dresses
I got this tunic in the bright red, and it is a great, fun color that leans just slightly to the orange side of red. (my computer screen makes it look more orange than it does in person. i'm happier with the actual color.) the fabric is soft, comfortable and hangs beautifully. wrinkles fall out when you hang it up. i also have the tegan tunic in 2 colors and find the fit to be the same. however, the hi-low hem on this dress is a little more exaggerated than on the tegan. the tegan travels very w	Dresses
Runs very large and way too much fabric. i wanted this top to work because it looks cute on hanger. i usually wear s/m and the xs had too much fabric. may work better on someone with longer torso and taller. i am 5'6.5" 36c 126lbs	Knits
I really love the color of this item. it is very generous in cut. i would suggest sizing down as i like my clothes more fitted. i received many compliments among my colleagues who wearing.	Knits
I love this dress! the fabric feels amazing & is super flattering. i am 5'4 with broad shoulders & a 36d chest and went with the small petite. i originally purchased the regular extra small which looked great, i just think the sp was slightly neater though the shoulders & length. it hits me above the knee as shown in the photo of the light colored dress with the long vest	Dresses
I ordered the taupe version of this tee, which was a medium brown with black stripes. the fabric felt itchy and rough, and was pretty sheer for not being light colored. i didn't care for the fit, which was extremely boxy and wide; from the picture, i expected an a-line fit, but not a wide drop with webbed underarms. i ordered 2 sizes, and could have worn the smaller if i'd kept this tee. it runs on the larger side. what astounded me most was that both tees i ordered were sewn with completely cro	Knits
This dress is so pretty in the photos but in person it's huge. and not in a way i could adjust by sizing down. the shoulders and arms fit but the body of the dress is absolutely huge. i normally love a trapeze dress but i was swimming in this so it was quite unflattering. it was also much longer than it looks on the model. i'm not short - in fact dresses are normally a bit shorter on me than the average person but this was just frumpy.	Dresses
This seems to be designed to fit a bit loose, but not in a bad way (for me). the floral pattern on the collar with the polka dots on the rest of the dress are very cute, and i think this can look good with or without a belt. light for summer but still covers a lot, which is nice for the office. the sleeves are a little short, but it doesn't look bad. glad i snatched it.	Dresses
I tried this cute black dress on in the store and even in the xs it was a little too big. i'm 5'3", so if they had petites available in the store maybe they would have fit better. just found too much material around the middle even though it is meant to be a loose fitting dress. the material is heavy weight, very stretchy, but not a thick fabric. could be great in the summer.	Dresses
I bought this item in green and then ordered it in red. very comfortable fabric and flattering by itself or over leggings. these tunics will be staple in my closet. i normally wear a medium in retailer dresses, but i ordered a small to have it a bit more fitted instead of baggy. good decision!	Dresses
Really happy with this tunic. at 5'2 i am able to wear this as a dress or a top (with a belt). it's comfy, light material, and can be dressed up or down.	Dresses
I am 26 weeks pregnant and bought this in an xs to wear to my shower this weekend. i am delighted with how it looks on, but it really might be too big for someone who isn't pregnant.	Dresses
I am in love with this dress. it's super soft, flattering and comfy i want to wear it everyday. it was recommended to me by a friend who is taller and slimmer than i am so i was skeptical of the fit. sometimes you see things that are only meant for models to wear. so not true here. i am 5'3" 140 pounds with slightly broad shoulders and i bought an xs. i'm considering getting a second one.	Dresses
I bought the shirt in ivory and went down a size per the advice from other reviewers. what i should have done was go down 2 sizes! runs huge! my husband said i looked pregnant and that's never a good look if your not. sent this back the same day.	Knits
I also have this dress in 3/4 sleeve, tegan tunic. i love this dress. it can be dressed up or down.	Dresses
I ordered a xxs petite based on previous reviews but it was too short and snug in the shoulders. i then tried on the regular xs and it fit nice.y. loose but it is the style (shoulders fit). i usually need xs petite so kind of true to size to me. i am 5'1.5" and 115 lbs. color is nice, i liked the blue polka dot with flowery tie neck. the tie. neck is a. nice. on trend feature, can. be tired at different heights for different looks, i think i will keep the xs regular....	Dresses
I ordered the ivory in size xl. it is such a cute, comfortable top. all of the details are well-done. the quality of the material is great too. it's a flowy fit. after washing & air-drying, it does shrink a bit. great tee for summer!	Knits
In that i'm on the busty-side, i thought, "surely an xl will not be too large." ah contraire. wanted it in crimson anyway, so will try it in a large. the fabric in the white is nice in that it is substantial enough not to see-through. will look most interesting under a sweater or jacket.	Knits
Wanted to love this dress - pretty fabric and colors. i think it would be more flattering on a taller woman (i'm 5'3", ordered a s), this just looked like a nightgown on me. sorry to say it's going back.	Dresses
I really want to like this dress - it's beautiful, but it just fits like a sack. the yoke exaggerates my bust and the dress makes me look 20 lbs heavier. perhaps if you are tall and thin like the mode, or small chested, it would be great! the quality and color is beautiful.	Dresses
I have had this dress for a few months now and find it is super comfortable for the hot weather and can go dressy or casual with the right accessories. it does run large in xxs; the xxs petite fit a little better by was way too short for me. even better is that you can wash on the super gentle cycle and lay flat to dry. yes it says dry clean only, but its is made of cupro and you should be able to wash that material. i have washed mine several times and it has never shrunk or lost shape. the she	Dresses
This is such a fun version of a v-neck tshirt. the lines and seams are very flattering, the neckline is perfect. i'm 5'10" a size 10/12 (depending) and i ordered the medium in the navy which fit perfectly. the length was slightly shorter on me than the model. overall a great shirt. highly recommended.	Knits
Got this top in white and the rust color. other reviewers mentioned it being much too large, so i went with the xs instead of my usual small. it's slightly oversized, but i love that look, and it's still flattering on me. i also didn't find there to be too much fabric. i am very tall and am happy with the length of this. 34b, 126 lbs, 5'10"	Knits
Purchased in the blue polka dot and love it. am 5' 6 1/2", 155lbs, long arms. dress is meant to be full. i don't see the "that is runs large". the shoulders fit, the sleeves are not too long. it is a very cute dress. after receiving the dress, ordered it in the black motif and hope to like it just as much as the blue.	Dresses
This is gorgeous! i absolutely love it but i need to return it. this is the second time i've ordered this dress/tunic. the fit is amazing, the fabric is so soft and it looks so fabulous on. the issue that i've had twice is that the back of the dress was not cut in the same direction. this means the sheen is different on one side of the middle seam in the back than the other side. unfortunately, it looks like 2 different colors. i returned the first one and i reordered but i have the same thing a	Dresses
This one is a must-buy. i have 3 of the longer sleeve version (the tegan dress) and one of these. i am about to buy more of the lola/ short sleeved version. these dresses are flattering and comfortable. they can be worn as a tunic with leggings or a dress. they are great for travel. if you roll them, they don't wrinkle. they can be dressed up or down. my sister and i have very different figures and this dress looks great on both of us. i can't recommend a dress more. the lola and the tegan are t	Dresses
I absolutely love everything about this top! i bought it in the taupe/navy stripes version and got compliments the first time i wore it. i do not find the fabric to be sheer at all, but perfectly lightweight for the heat of summer. the neckline and sleeves seem tailor-fitted for my body. i don't often think much about sleeves but these sleeves are the perfect length/shape to be incredibly flattering. they're in a sweet spot somewhere in between a cap sleeve and regular-length. the neckline is eq	Knits
I love the details of this top: the pleats and ruffles are so pretty and the fit is flattering, especially if you have a tummy. the arm holes aren't gaping like so many tops, so you don't even need a cami underneath to hide your bra. it is a bit on the larger side. i often wear a large, but i got a medium and i may have even been able to get away with a small.	Knits
This dress is gorgeous. i purchased it recently to wear to my civil wedding ceremony and it is absolutely perfect. it is light, flowy, and comfortable, but the details make it special. the sheer sleeves give it ethereal vibe that i love. the quality seems to be extremely high as well. if you are looking for a white dress that is casual, but still unique and beautiful, please give this one a shot. i cannot wait to wear it on my special day!	Dresses
Adorable & comfortable. i'm 5'3" and 115 lbs. i ordered an xs. it hits at my knees and is not see through. the color is pinkish in person which i like more than the photo.	Dresses
I absolutely love this top.....the color, style, fit..everything! i took another reviewers advice and sized down from my normal large to a medium. i have had so many compliments wearing this top. it is very feminine, flows nicely, hangs well. love the color. can't recommend this enough!	Knits
Love this casual and soft flowing top. its a nice loose fit. slightly big, however i'm petite. asymmetrical hem adds a unique touch. pairs well with a variety of denim skinnies...black, dark denim. planning to try with white ankle skinnies as well. the v-neck is just right. dips enough to show the neckline without revealing cleavage. it's the perfect lightweight layer for spring to fall. i even added a black blazer for a cool evening out. love this top and would buy in other colors.	Knits
I own another dolan dress which is virtually the same as this but has long sleeves. i wear the long-sleeved one whenever i give presentations or readings. the material is absolutely genius for travel. just unpack, shake it out and you're good to go.i love the sleeves on this short-sleeved version. i'm fairly fit but at my age i'm not excited about showing off my arms! the drape is beautiful and i can wear high heels, bootees or flats with it. i bought the red. sometimes you can't tell if the c	Dresses
Thylo strikes again! this dress was magic the second i put it on - flowy, polka-dot magic! this baby can transform itself as you go from a casual day out to an dressy evening, with plenty of customizable options in between. to dress down, it looks great with a denim jacket, then take the jacket off and you are ready for some dressed up fun. you can pair it with tall boots or short, sandals, pumps, you name it. the ties at the neck look great undone, loosely tied, or done in a bow. leggings or ti	Dresses
This is a great summer top! love the way it drapes and the quality of the material. bought the ivory and went back for the rust but my size is sold out. my only complaint is that it doesn't come in way more colors!	Knits
I love the muted red pleated ruffle tank. i usually wear a large in retailer tops. this top fit a bit loose. there is a bit more space around the armholes. this only concerns me because i can't wear a bra or cami without it showing. just mentioned this in case others may wish to buy one size smaller. i am 68, around 5/5" and weight 144 lbs. love the young, modern tops that i find at retailer. i just ordered the white version of this tank top in a medium to see how it will fit (btw, there is a	Knits
What a great light dress for spring and summer evenings. i love the length and the laid back style. this dress is true to size.	Dresses
Was excited for this shirt. i usually wear a medium to large depending on the cut and material, so i went with a medium. i was swimming in it. definitely recommend ordering a size below your normal.	Knits
This dress fits and hangs so nicely. it is so versatile as well. dress it up or down!	Dresses
Wow. this didn't work for me. loved the red color and drape and subtle shine of the fabric. but it fit like a sack. and you could see deeply into the armpits from the side revealing my bra and more. way too long. i looked silly. maybe it was the size. i'm 5'3" and ordered the large. this was my first retailer dress order but i'm not giving up. maybe the petite would have been a better fit. don't think i'll try again with this one, however.	Dresses
I loved this dress when it came out last spring in gray. this year, i got the red and sand color. it wears so easy and can be dressy or casual- depends on how you want to wear it. i would say each color fits differently, try them on. the dress is worth the price.	Dresses
This is a very cute designed shirt but it fits very boxy and runs large	Knits
I bought this yesterday in store in the red color. normally i wouldn't spend this much money on an everyday dress- but there was no way i could walk out of the store without it! the fabric and fit are amazing. the dress has a chic-ness about it that makes you look completely put together but doesn't make you look like you are trying too hard. perfect balance of comfort and style. i'm seriously thinking i need it in black as well!	Dresses
The photos don't do the top of the dress justice; it's really gorgeous. however, it runs very large. i am going to exchange it for 1 or 2 sizes down.	Dresses
Love this. bought the cream in store and the burgundy online. perfect alone or to wear under an retailer sweater.	Knits
This dress is beautiful, but not made for someone with a 36d. i ordered a 12 and i could get my chest in this dress. i really wish it fit. it's well made and very beautiful. belt does not come with the dress.	Dresses
I tried this product in store in red and fell in love with the fit, it fits in the most beautiful flattering way, red looked gorgeous - rich glossy fabric, this could easily be one of those effortless summer transition pieces that can go from a day dress into incredible sexy night outfit. the fabric was very lush and had this rich gloss to it, i have never seen a fabric like that, it almost looked coated. red being such a statement piece was a bit too much for me, so i decided to order the produ	Dresses
I saw this in the store in blue and loved it. wore it and received lots of compliments. just bought the second color online as there is free shipping today. great dress for work as the weather is warming up.	Dresses
Wonderful and comfortable dress, very sweet.	Dresses
I purchased this dress for a baby shower and it was just perfect. i am 5'3" and 110 pounds and ordered the petite xs which fit great. the dress is supposed to be a tad oversized and flowy so this size worked out great for me! it will also be a nice transition piece into spring with a pair of black fringe booties :) overall, i recommend this dress!!	Dresses
This is the perfect little throw-on dress. flattering, uber-comfortable, nice fabric. i found that it runs slightly large.	Dresses
So i notice most ladies on retailer love to say how tiny they are. so some of us that are busty and have a hip--this is nice. i actually could've done a medium but the large was the only one and on sale. it's meant to be loose! it's kind to ladies that aren't all size 2 :)	Dresses
This dress is so pretty in person. the colors are great - the blue and green and just beautiful in person. the fit is tts. i happen to have a blue belt and could style it just as the model has, but really it doesn't need it. it is super flattering even without a belt. i am just a hair shy of 5'5", and i cannot wear flats or it would drag the floor. but adding a 2 1/2" wedge is perfect to keep it off the floor (no hemming needed). i don't usually pay full price, but i am glad i did in this case.	Dresses
I have this in black and red. it's a great and flattering dress that is a worn a bit large. you can wear it out on a date or more casual. the fabric is super comfortable as well.	Dresses
Flowy boho tank. great details. good fabric. wear under a long cardigan or with a pair of denim cut offs and a necklace. oversized fit. i would size down one size.	Knits
This is an awesome tank top, comfortable, great fit, casual but with ruffles a bit dressier than an ordinary tank top. i loved it so much i came back and bought it in the cream color. this runs a bit larger and i typically take an extra large but bought this in large and its perfect.	Knits
I tried this on in a medium in the store and it was too big overall. i thought it was a nice concept for a feminine, whimsical top so i ordered a small online. but even then a small is still too big (and i usually wear a medium or an 8 in tops). maybe if it was slimmer through the ribs/waist area it could work but it just ends up looking maternity-ish and too voluminous everywhere below the bust. the front was too short, as well (stopped higher than what is shown on the model and i'm assuming sh	Knits
I just recently received this dress in the mail. i went up a size to a 10, i am usually a 6 or 8. it fit perfectly. the top is very fitted and the bottom flows nicely. i really like this dress and am looking forward to wearing it to work or out.	Dresses
Found this lovely dress in store and wanted to try it on. fits true to size everywhere except the bust. i am a size 2-4 with a 34dd bust. i can normally fit most retailer dresses no problem though. this one was very very very tight just in the bust and squished my chest to be a very unflattering shape.i am 5'4 and the length was perfect just above the knee, for a youthful but work appropriate length.i am a relatively fit but hourglass curvy lady, but certainly not a 'perfect' beach body and	Dresses
I bought this dress when i saw it go on sale, and i am glad i did! love how it fits the length everything about it. it is true to size and it looks very flattering, i will be wearing it for my anniversary date with my husband. highly recommend! i am 130 lbs, 34d, and the size 6 fit perfectly!	Dresses
This dress is super sweet, but also unique with the reversed fabric on the skirt. it is true to size, unlike a lot of retailer clothes that seem to be boxy/run big. the fabric bunches a little bit at the waist though -- that's my only complaint.	Dresses
This dress was just perfect. the fit was just right and it is made well. love the ruffles... could definitely be dressed up or wore casual. great dress all around ... a keeper!!!	Dresses
Sized up due to my 36ddd breastfeeding bust and the 14 for perfectly. i am 5'6 and 165lbs, just fyi. dress is super flattering on my post 4-baby body. it's very slimming. looking forward to wearing to a casual wedding,	Dresses
Love this piece! i hope to see more cute, fun dresses like this from retailer. the greatest feature is it is super comfortable! it could be worn to a great number of events, dressed up or down for any occasion.	Dresses
Love, love this dress! the fit is perfect, the cut is feminine and flirty but not too showy and bare. there is the perfect amount of swing and it's a great length, i can't say enough about it. i think it's worth the price, which i have to admit, i was hesitant about. so comfortable and versatile! i see it being worn quite often!keep dresses like this coming!btw, the neck line is flattering on every body type!for reference, i'm 5'3" and weigh 110 lbs and i purchased a size 2, but i think a	Dresses
Someone recommended to size up if u have large breast and i am glad i did! it fits like a dream! this is the cutest dot dress i have ever tried.	Dresses
I literally bought this dress 2 days ago and now it is listed as "no longer available" on the retailer site. i am a size 12 with about a 36b-c bust. the thing i love about this dress is that it looks really nice without a bra. i was really surprised at how well constructed it was.	Dresses
I just received this in the mail today! fabric and construction are beautiful and high quality. my only concern was that it ran short on me all around. i am 5'2, 100lbs, 32b, 24 waist, 33 hips. the dress was an appropriate length all around but ran very short in the arm holes, the back cut-out, and the waist. i felt like i was trying to wear a little-girl's dress (and i tend to be short waisted and long-legged as is). i may exchange it for a regular size because it is such a beautiful dress!	Dresses
This dress is flattering and seems to be made well. the polka dots add interest. i am usually a 2 and did go up to a 4 in this. .	Dresses
The design and style of shirt is quite cute -- but the mountain pictures is not mont blanc, nor does the mountain find itself near chamomix.it is an unmistakable image of the matterhorn and the small town of zermatt is at its base.	Knits
Like other ladies have mentioned, this dress runs small in the chest and waist region. you must size up!__________pros:- flattering fit and flow. hides lumps and bumps.- cut at the neck and back is cute and didn't make me look chunky surprisingly.- little red polka dots aren't overwhelmingly at all and add a nice retro feel.- good overall length.- usa made!__________cons:- runs small in the chest and waist. i'm a 36c, hourglass, 170 lbs and normally can wear a size 10 in tops	Dresses
This dress fits so perfectly. just the right amount of skin, not too bare, not too short, not too long. can't wait to wear it. great quality.	Dresses
I loved this dress immediately. i got the blue and orange and love the combination of the top fabric and the flowy skirt. only one complaint. it's a bit short on one side so i'll have to wait for cooler weather to wear it with tights (if i want to wear it to work).	Dresses
I really like the style of this top, the open sleeves are subtle. i think it is even work appropriate in a business casual environment. it is slightly short waisted in my opinion and runs a little small, but my usual medium worked for me. i am a solid 8.	Knits
Casual dinner out dress love the color, mine is navy.	Dresses
This caught my eye and i tried it on the in the store today (the green). i found it to run a little bit large - i expected the small to fit, but the xs fit me better (better fit in armholes and also less billowy). i really like the way it looks, but ulitimately did not purchase it today. i might reconsider on sale. the flaws (in my opinion) are that it is dry clean only, the skirt is not lined (and should be), and it's a bit overpriced for the quality. but on the other hand, it's very cute and f	Dresses
I agree with those who thought this material looked a little cheap. i ordered the white knowing about the sleeves and thought i'd like the slits, but the material + sleeves definitely gave an undesired pirate vibe.true to size.	Knits
I want to address that with lightweight but not too skimpy for the summertime, and the stress works perfectly. i got the red in a small, and although one reviewer said that she did not like that the top and bottom are two different materials i actually think it's super cute. not sure if i would pay the full price, but the 20% off sale made it worth it.	Dresses
Love this dress. i like that it is somewhat form fitting but also has a nice swing to it. green color is nice for summer.bought a similar maeve dress last year and it was all cotton like and soft, this one has a soft top but a different material on the bottom. a little scratchy and crinkly. wish the entire thing was as soft as the top	Dresses
This would have been a cute top but the shoulder seams come halfway down the arm and give it a really weird shape. it looks smooth and fine on the model but in real life they stick out and make you look boxy. too bad!	Knits
This dress has a really lovely design and is very, very comfortable. it is not quite as flattering as i had hoped, and doesn't have quite as defined a shape as i expected. still, it's cute and i'm happy to have it!	Dresses
Love the color and design but way to small. i can wear a small in many manufacturers but certainly not in this one. the medium was like an extra small. sorry because i liked what i saw in the advertisement.as an older lady i love your well made, fresh, styles but need to be able to trust that a size is true to form.	Knits
Bought this dress in the blue and absolutely love it! it looked big in person, but when i tried it on it fit perfectly. i'm 5 foot 120 lbs and got the petite small. the colors are vibrant and will really stand out. cant wait to wear it!	Dresses
Ordered this as a gift. she said it is great! nice fabric, great fit.	Knits
Gorgeous dress. ordered the orange in an xs. i'm usually a small in retailer but the reviews accurately assessed this dress to run large. i'm 5'7" about 140lbs and this dress is just above my knee. very flattering and feminine. only issue is that the bottom is a thin material that can be see through in the right light...	Dresses
This dress has a beautiful fit--5'4", 150 lbs, 34ddd, and the medium regular fit great. the only issue is that the bottom part of the dress wrinkles terribly. when i bought it, the woman folded it nicely, and i stashed it in my car for the rest of my shopping trip. when i arrived home and pulled it out, the bottom of the dress was horribly wrinkled. plus it's dry clean only. going back. :(	Dresses
Guess i should've looked at the pictures more closely. i ordered the white version and in the pictures you can't see that the sleeves are split - and it barely shows in the picture for the blue version. it also would've helped if the detail of the sleeves were noted in the item description. anyway, i will be returning this top because i don't like the way the sleeves look each time i bend my arms. looks a bit pirate-like to me.	Knits
I saw this in the store, it is definitely something i had passed over on line. it is so flattering on! i bought in ivory then immediately ordered the grey online!	Knits
I seriously love this top, and at the sale price it's a steal! i ordered the ivory color and it's just as beautiful in person as in the product photos. i thankfully read the reviews and knew that the sleeves would be slit. i think the slit sleeves add more interest to an otherwise basic blouse. it can be dressed up or down and is great for work (at least in my very casual office). the fit is perfect; i ordered my normal size medium and it's definitely true-to-size.	Knits
I got this dress in neutral motif. looks very cute and the size is perfect.	Dresses
I was a little hesitant to order this dress because of the a-symmetric hem. being very petite i thought it would be too bold for my small frame. i loved the colors though-- i ordered the one in red--and the the way the dress twirls and flows so i took a chance--and so glad i did!the dress is beautiful and unusual and so very flattering. the top portion is of a heavier fabric,so no see through at all. the slanted cut of the white and tan portion is very slimming and flows beautifully into the r	Dresses
The arm slits are actually subtle, and don't gape open. the chiffon type pleats are lovely, but the cotton material they overlay appears cheap and isn't dressy enough for my work.	Knits
This dress in the blue motif has a really flattering fit and look. the dress especially in this color, hides the belly area well and does not make you look wide if you are heavier in the bottom half. it is not too short and goes past my knee. i am 5'3'.'' the material is also really soft and the dress is easy to pull on.	Dresses
I love this dress .perfect fit and very good quality.	Dresses
I love this dress. wearing it is the equivalent as wearing your coziest t-shirt. there is stretch up top if your chest needs it, the neckline is modest, the stripes and geometric pattern are flattering and vibrant, but not gaudy in the slightest. the length is perfect with the shortest part at my knee. silhouette is tight at the natural waist and flares out in the most flowy and flattering way. i got the large. i am 5'7" and fluctuate between 170 -185 lbs.	Dresses
This dress is so versatile. the knit top is nicely structured and the flowy skirt is forgiving and flattering. i bought the white, gray and poppy colored one, and i think it's smashing.	Dresses
I love this dress. i got the coral, and it's clean and simple, but with visually interesting lines. the top is a slightly heavier, stretchy fabric (no zippers or closures), while the skirt is made of a lighter fabric that gives it a bit of flirty swing. the hem is also slightly a-symmetrical, which i didn't notice from the online pictures. it's a very comfortable dress that i could see being very versatile - dressed up for work, dressed down for daytime weekend wear, or even for date night. (i a	Dresses
The regular length i tried on in store definitely didn't work for me. for reference in the photos i have a medium on and my measurements are 38-30-40.	Dresses
I love this dress - design, fabric, colorscurrently wear it as maternity and it's super cute but it is my size and can't wait to wear it next spring/summer as a regular dress when i can show off a more slender waist. get compliments all the time. dress up w a pair of heels for a date night or dress down w flip flops :)the fabric on the bottom wrinkles easily when gilded so not ideal for travel but that's a minor thing	Dresses
I love this, despite the split sleeves. the day it arrived i paired it with a black boucle midi skirt (from retailer) jewelry and mid high black slings and we to out to dinner with friends. several people complimented me so it must have looked as i'd hoped. i have worn it one other time with straight legged pants and a cashmere cardigan and felt comfortable and a bit more dressed up than usual slacks, jeans and shirts. it is soft, feminine and comfortable...the ubiquitous "dress it up or dress it	Knits
I was aware of the split sleeves when i purchased-- hoping to try something new. they're not attractive. the slit stays open with any movement. i don't think it would be appropriate for work . overall the fit is true to size. i otherwise liked the design, but the sleeves made this a quick return ....	Knits
So the other review complained that there are slits on the sleeves of this blouse. yes, that is true. however, i love that about this blouse! i tried this blouse on in the store so the slits were not a surprise to me, but i can understand how they may upset a customer who wasn't expecting them. i think the slits are elegant and are in no way obtrusive or revealing. you could totally still wear this blouse to work or a nice dinner. i love it because its unique enough to be worn alone and simple i	Knits
Bought this in navy. needed something comfortable, but able to dress up denim. this was perfect! wore it already and immediately got 2 complements. the only drawback was that the elastic in cuffs was a little too tight and my forearms are not large. bought in medium. i'm 5'8" and 145 lbs. just washed it for first time. noticed that it dried a little wrinkly in front. may have to steam to get wrinkles out, but still worth it.	Knits
I thought i'd like this dress in the neutral color. i had to return it it as it was quite unflattering. the skirt made my hips look big and the uneven shape didn't help. the top fit well, in my usual 4 petite, i think it would look nice on some people, as it's something different but i am not one of those it worked on.	Dresses
The design looked super cute online, but in person, the material seemed cheap. actually, at least in the green one, the material is different in the striped and solid sections; if it had all been the striped material, it would have been much nicer.	Dresses
I love this dress! i bought the blue one and i love the designs. i recently had a baby so my body is still recovering so finding clothes is a bit difficult, but this dress looks awesome and it makes me feel like how i was before i was pregnant! it flows nicely and is super comfortable.	Dresses
Due to the prior review, this top came without any surprises. i had read about the open sleeves and actually have a dress with a similar design. this top can be dressed up or down and is perfect with skinny pants.	Knits
This dress is so flattering and comfortable. i bought it in xs and it fits perfectly. i'm 5'7" and weigh 135 - i usually wear a small but the small would have been too roomy on top. i got so many compliments on the dress (in blue) that i ordered it in green as well! perfect combination of comfort, style and flattering fit.	Dresses
I got this dress in green and it looks better in person than it even does in the online picture. the fabric is soft and flattering. i am pear shaped so a lot of things don't look good around my waist, but this worked beautifully. the only thing is that i can't get the slight wrinkles out of the bottom. i washed it and lined dried it and some still show. the care says not to iron. a steamer would probably work well on this. the slight wrinkles are not an issue for me though. well worth it and a g	Dresses
This top is adorable and has a looser fit (as shown on the model shot), so i would have liked to size down; however, the arms are extremely fitted/tight and there's no way i could have fit my arms into the next size down. if you have slim arms, maybe you could size down and make this work.	Knits
This dress is such a lovely thing to have in my closet- it's so easy to pull on, but adding a nice pair of shoes, a piece of jewelry, and leaving my hair down reveals a gorgeous outfit that takes next to no time. i must admit, my local store didn't stock this dress so i wasn't quite expecting the texture of the fabric (i was expecting it to be smooth but it's almost ribbed?). it's soft and comfortable though, so that's certainly not a deal breaker. i only wish they'd had it in petite as i feel t	Dresses
Love the nautical vibe, perfect for summer wear. the knit top with cap sleeves is easy to wear and not clingy for those with limps and bumps. the asymmetrical skirt has a flare which again makes this dress easy and comfortable to wear. i'm usually a size 8, 36-29-40 and the medium fit my hourglass shape perfectly.	Dresses
I bought this dress in green and i really like it. the bodice is a substantial knit - light enough for summer but thicker and sturdier than the typical jersey tee - and the skirt is a lightweight woven fabric with good drape. true to size and extremely comfortable. it's a great work dress. the striped colorblocking is not very flattering on my frame (broad shoulders, larger chest) but it's not bad. you'll probably want to try it on in person.	Dresses
It's hard for me to find dresses that look good on me since i have more of a straight build and tend to carry a little extra weight in my middle. however, this dress was super flattering, giving me some curves and hiding my tummy. i got the one with the red skirt (it's definitely an orange-red) since that looked a little more polished and less casual than the green one i tried on in the store. the full, fluttery skirt is feminine and fun, and the knit top is very soft and comfortable. every sing	Dresses
Based on the other reviews, i ordered a l and xl even though i would normally order a m. the l fits like a slightly fitted m without being too tight; the xl, of course, is a little larger, but not like a typical xl, certainly not sloppy-looking or oversized. the material is soft and the dark blue is lovely. i will be keeping both sizes. i would most likely not have been happy with a m.	Knits
This is a great shirt. the ruffles are strategically placed and hide any stomach flaws. i get that others are surprised by the arm slits but a couple of well placed stitches will make it very work appropriate or if you're worried about arm waggle. the color borders on black/navy	Knits
I ordered this blouse because it was such a good price on sale but should have paid closer attention to the reviews. the slits on the sleeves are much more noticeable than in the photo and the blouse just didn't work for me. something about it reminded me of seinfeld's pirate shirt. i appreciate retailer's return policy. i took it back to the store and got an immediate refund on my cc.	Knits
I ordered the geometric, blue/red pattern in a small regular. the material was soft and comfortable. it is a stand-out piece but unfortunately, it made my stomach look like it was sticking out too much. the neck line did not stay flat against my chest which resulted in an ill-fitting, bunched up look. i returned this one. for reference, i'm 5'4" 120lbs 34 a.	Dresses
First of all, the colors are really pretty, fabrics feel really nice. but.... the fit was no bueno. i think if you are tall and small chested, this dress would look great. but i'm short and large chested and it was very unflattering. when the fabric transitions from the stripes to solid, it doesn't hang nicely due to my chest. sadly this is a return for me.	Dresses
Great looking casual dress, but i'm not sure about the fit on me. the skirt drape may be a tad overwhelming on my short legs if i want to emulate the styling of the green model. bodice fabric is a nice, clingy but lined stretch material of medium thickness. the skirt is a thin crepe viscose/rayon without a lining and i think it really needs one. i was hoping the skirt was the same material mix like the elysian maxi. i picked the medium petite and sizing down would be appropriate for ladies with	Dresses
This dress is great for work and play. i bought a l and a xl. both fit well, but the sleeves in the large were quite tight. so i kept the xl although it is a bit loose. this dress looks great on. i wish the material was a little higher quality, but i loved the design and plan to wear it with boots. the top is cotton and i liked the lace up feature at the neckline.	Dresses
Love everything about this dress -- i ordered the 'red' which is more of a 'red orange' / with cream and beige - as pictured, colors are beautiful. the dress has a nice 'drape' / great feel, love it !	Dresses
I saw this online and said to myself, next time you are in the retailer store look for this dress. i am glad i did! i bought the neutral dress (off white,tan.black) because i knew it would go with everything and most occasions. i am 5'6", 136 pounds, the small fit me perfect! in retailer dresses i am between a small/med. the top of the dress is lined and form fitting which is a plus. the off white coored section does go across the chest so one must wear a neutral colored lined bra even though the to	Dresses
Tried this on in the store, very soft and hangs well, better on, than the hanger. needless to say i bought it!	Dresses
I got this dress in a petite xs. i'm 5'4" and 110lbs. it fit just right. i usually wear a regularl xs in most brands, but with retailer, i noticed i always have to go to the petittes. anyway, the dress is super cute. love the diagonal striping and the draping is not too poofy which is great. the material is very lightweight on the bottom - which is good for spring/summer.	Dresses
This sweatshirt is very comfortable and the length of the sleeves is very generous! the bodice is short so you may have to wear a camisole or tank top to avoid exposing your tummy. i usually purchase medium sized tops but had to return for an xl! this runs very small.	Knits
Beautiful dress! perfect for work, the museum, a summer picnic...so chic, yet extremely comfortable. i purchased the blue/orange combo and the colors definitely pop. for reference i am 5'2, 115, and i went with the xs petite. especially reoommend for anyone with her hourglass being more full on bottom. super flattering!	Dresses
I am a solid 14 and the size l fit nicely. it's easy to wear. the diagonal print is quite flattering. my husband liked it. i am 5'9" and it was a bit short, but not too short. i've not washed it yet so can't say how that will go. the fabric is knit but does not look like it will pill.	Dresses
I was immediately drawn to this dress when i saw it in the store. i'm normally a size 2 but i feel like the size two was too constricting in the chest and arms, so found a size 4 to be just right. it's longer and a bit wider than the size 2 everywhere else, but given the design, i thought it was fine. the main thing to note is that the top is snug and has no give whatsoever. if you have a larger bust or broader shoulders, sizing up is a must. lengthwise, it fit me like it does on the model. (i t	Dresses
I was confused by this dress. the heavy fabric made me think of winter but the cut and print are springy. it's also not lined and the material is not exactly soft. i put it back. cute, but missed the mark.	Dresses
This is a really cute top. yes, it is dry clean only but i plan on hand washing it. one negative is that it is extremely short in length. i'm 5 feet tall and this top barely goes past my bellybutton. it's extremely soft though and definitely different.	Knits
Cute dress, runs small, especially in the sleeves and chest (i usually wear a 0 and purchased a 2). the outer layer is very sheer and while the print and shape are cute, the quality could be better, especially for the price.	Dresses
Well - i was disappointed in the fabric for this dress. it is a heavier material and i suspect will not be very cool / comfortable during warmer weather when i would normally wear a sleeveless dress.on the upside - the pattern is really pretty.	Dresses
This dress is perfect for me (i'm very bohemian/rocker vs prim, & flowy vs structured). it will be in regular rotation for years. it's slim through the shoulders and arms, and flowing everywhere else. love the pockets. the fabric is light, but i love in so cal, so it's great. i'm wearing it right now with gray skinnies, heeled clogs, and a scarf. i'll also wear it all summer as a dress. so perfect. i'm 5'4, 140lb, 34b, and the 8 fits perfectly.	Dresses
I really had high hopes for this dress. i had several issues with it, though based on the high ratings other customers did not experience the same problems. 1- it was to short. i am 5'8" and it was really really short on me. i could not sit down in it. 2- i found that it ran large. i've lost some weight recently, so perhaps i've gone down a size, but the medium was like a sack on me. 3-the waist was really roomy. it ballooned out to the point that it was comical. 4- as others have noted,	Dresses
For the price, you can't beat this dress. i love the thicker stretchy fabric used for it - if you're a fan of some of the popular maeve pencil skirts (like the tearoom pencil skirt), you will love this! for me, it's the perfect piece for work with a black or white cardi or denim jacket over it. it's a perfect length (above the knee on 5"7"...similar to the model), armholes are the right size, and the overall cut of the dress is forgiving and flattering, even post-baby. super happy with the value	Dresses
I really like this dress/shirt. it's great for layering, super cute and will hide my traditional holiday and this year's pregnancy weight gain. i think it will be so cute with some leggings and boots.unfortunately the back panel of the dress does not seem to vary based on the size. this may sound weird but i've tried on an 8 and a 10 and the ability to reach forward didn't change between the two sizes. i just returned the 10 and am hopeful the 12 i ordered will be slightly roomier in the back.	Dresses
Listed on the package labeling but not in the product description. i am short in the waist and this is still much shorter than pictured. disappointed to send this one back as it's otherwise perfect.	Knits
This is awesome multi-season dress.	Dresses
It is so cute in the picture but wasn't flattering on me. it also felt like i couldn't raise my arms while wearing it. i love retailer and will be a forever fan, but this dress just wasn't for me.	Dresses
The first thing i noticed upon receiving this dress is how soft it is and the fact that it wasn't wrinkled coming out of the packaging bag- an excellent quality! my next surprise was to find that it is fully lined with a very nice soft knit and felt awesome on. i ordered a size small and it fit perfectly- it was fitted through my waist and hips (37 chest, 28.5 waist, 37 hips) and dropped straight from my hips just like i like. i was afraid it would be too sheath like for my figure but it is perf	Dresses
I bought this to wear to my winter bridal shower. it was a cold day so i turned it into a jumper by pairing it with a silk blouse. it is flattering and comfortable. great for work and other semi-formal events.	Dresses
I think this dress is adorable . it fits great. wear it with heels or cowboy boots. you will not be disappointed	Dresses
Tried this dress on in the store and could barely button at my chest but the waist and length were perfect. ordered a size up and two sizes up online. went with the two sizes up because it did not pull as bad across the chest, though now it's a bit "blousey" around the waste. fabric is a little thin. similar to other reviews the slip is a little weird/wonky. i'm keeping it because i like the idea of the dress but i'm not sure about the lifespan with how gauzy the material is.	Dresses
Easy to wear, get lots of compliments when i wear it. can be dressed up or down	Dresses
This dress is adorable, but it unfortunately didn't work for me. i agree with the reviews that stated the fabric is very heavy	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress so much and am so sad - it just didn't work for me. i am 5'2", 138 pounds (still trying to lose that last 5-8 from my third daughter) and the chest/back of this dress was so tight i was afraid if i hugged someone it would split up the back. i am normally a size 6 and tried the 6 p, 8 p and 8 and they were all too tight in the chest/back. it sounds like this is common for these holding horses dresses. :(	Dresses
This is adorable but if it truly has to be dry-cleaned that is deal killer	Knits
I love the style of this dress, comfortable but chic, and it feels great!	Dresses
When i first saw this dress, it honestly didn't catch my eye, but as i kept seeing it in on the catalog and other places on pinterest, i realized how unique this dress is. i looked at the reviews and was surprised at how negative the comments were- i'm the type of lady who gets stuck on something and won't get off of it until i try it for myself. so, i ordered it on sale and i love it! it isn't flannel material, and so i wasn't expecting this to be a dress that would keep me warm by itself- but	Dresses
This is a cute dress but the fabric is very heavy and i didn't find it to drape well on me. it is a very heavy felted poly type of fabric. i ordered it for a specific event coming up this summer and the fabric will not work for warm temps. the style and design of the dress is great though. for reference it did fit fairly true to size. i wear a 0 or 2. the xs fit well. if the fabric works for your situation then i would try this dress.	Dresses
I ordered a size small. i am 5'7" size 6 and the dress was a mini on me! way shorter than on the taller model. the stomach and hips gaped out from my body yet the waist was cut way too high, so the dress was both too small and too big! very odd fit. the material is soft, thick, stretchy and has a textured pattern which i liked. this one is going back.	Dresses
Heavier fabric than it looks but cute and versatile. flattering as well!	Dresses
Dress runs a little small in the arms but flows nicely on the body. see through and comes with slip but slip is stiff and doesn't give. was hard to get on so i wore my own slip. other that that, dress is feminine and looks great on!	Dresses
This dress is perfection! great, quality fabric. bright vibrant color. the design and texture allow it to be dressed up or dressed down. i sized up a size because my normal wasn't available and it fits perfectly!	Dresses
I was so excited to purchase this dress for my masters graduation party. it looks beautiful on but i could not get over one little detail. the structure of the top falls funny on your chest - a bit too high from the rest of the pulled fabric. it doesn't look right. if you have a necklace that falls perfectly on the piece of fabric, like the main photo shown, you are good. the third photo with the short necklace shows this issue best.	Dresses
I bought this dress to attend a couple of summer weddings. it seemed like it would be a nice, light summer dress that i could wear all day. i do think it fits that qualification, however, it wasn't as flattering as i hoped. i'm generally pear shaped - small waist, larger hips. this dress does fit well over my hips, but does very little to show off my waist. overall, it is just ok.	Dresses
I've been looking for the right red dress for a while and this one is a winner! flattering fit, comfy quality fabric...makes me feel great even right after having a baby. fits tts and i can't wait to rock this beauty!	Dresses
This dress is a lovely fit. the knit top accentuates the bust and the loose skirt below the empire waist just skims the figure. it's pretty casual and the skirt is a tiny bit sheer so better for weekends than for office wear.	Dresses
Love this dress. it is so comfortable. it fits great and can be dressed up or down. hides the tummy, too.	Dresses
I love the style the lightness and the fit ... but the fabric in the skirt just did not meet my expectations. this might be something to find at a mass retailer. i guess i simply prefer a natural fabric.	Dresses
Love the bright red color. such a comfortable fit, but still feminine and pretty. could be dressed up or down. will definitely be a summer favorite.	Dresses
I really wanted to like this dress, but where the skirt meets the top of the dress in the back creates sort of a hunchback effect in the back. will be returning.	Dresses
What?! i can't believe this got so many mixed reviews! i wasn't sure what to expect and now that i've received it, i think it's absolutely perfect. it's flattering, the length is great, it's tts, and the color is beautiful. i have no issues with the skirt whatsoever either. i'm really pleased with this purchase and i can't wait to wear it.	Dresses
Love this! i am 5' 118 and the medium fits like a dress, not a tunic. i opted for the medium because i didn't want the fit to be tight. it is thin so you'll need a slip.	Knits
I have to agree with another reviewer - this blouse has an odd fit! the small petite (my usual size) was a good length and there was plenty of room in the body, however i found the shoulders to be quite small which made the neckline pull. since i definitely do not have broad shoulders this may be a particular problem for those that do. i also found the gathered seam above the bustline and across the upper back resulted in an unflattering maternity top effect. the blouse i was sent had one sleeve	Knits
Casual, pretty. runs a little large, especially through the waist, but a great comfortable shirt.	Knits
This says online only, hwoever the balc one was in my store (and some other colros too). anyway, i actually liked this top, it is more flattering than the model shows, i think i could wear this with pants or legginss in botos. on me, the regualr size is almost a dress (should i be younger), but i do like that (i did debate ordering petite, and decided not to). it is thin enough to not be too hot indoors, and sublte stripes on the black version.noyte: previous reviewer mentioend something about	Knits
Great light-weight blouse for mild fall days. fabric is thin so not too warm, which is great for southern california fall. great color palate.	Knits
I love natural colors and nature themes but this top was a disappointment. i ordered both the small and the xs because retailer can run very large. the small was too big and the xs did not hang correctly, the arms hit at a weird spot and the neckline wouldn't sit right. overall the fit was boxy and unflattering. the fabric is pretty but the style is well....boring. there was just no wow factor for me. i think the fabric deserved a much better design. imho i think this top might be better suited fo	Knits
I like this comfy top. i bought it to wear with a cute pair of gold charlie cropped pants i bought from retailer last fall. the only thing i don't like is the odd length of the sleeves. they are somewhere between elbow and 3/4. i am a true xxsp in most tops, but the sleeves end right at my elbow making it difficult to wear them unrolled. for reference i am 5'1" and 107 lbs. a larger size would have been too wide and roomy. overall, i am happy with my purchase.	Knits
I did not like the fit of this. as another reviewer stated, it is not a swing tunic. it hangs fairly straight. i don't have large hips. i'm 5'8" and 120 lbs with a full bust and this did not look flattering. i returned it immediately.	Knits
This was not what i was expecting. at all. i am a medium in just about everything but ordered a large to possibly wear this as a dress instead of a tunic since i am around 5' 4". the large fit like a small on me, and not like a typical oversized sweater type small, but a normal fitted top small. a previous reviewer said it is long and straight, and i think that is a good description for it. i think the models wearing this in the pictures are all wearing an extra-large #or a different cut of the	Knits
This is a pretty blouse that is also very comfortable. i am always an xl in retailer tops, but i needed to go down to a large on this one. this blouse is cut generously everywhere, but going down one size was perfect for me. the fabric in the back falls from the shoulder blade area, so it has a very nice drape in the back. the sleeve cuffs and placket are some sort of cotton, so the cuff made a nice base to fold the sleeve around and up to the elbow. i wore a nude bra underneath, and i can't see m	Knits
Was excited to receive this top in the mail, and wasn't disappointed when i tried it on. beautiful colors (true to image) and pattern -the blue back does extend into the front, but does not look unflattering in the least or leave for an awkward fit, imho. very happy with this top, it looks so cute from the back, too~	Knits
This shirt is a simple but versatile top. it goes anywhere with anything so it's a great travel piece. i'm curvy on top but short waisted and this shirt does a good job of disguising that figure flaw. i got loads of compliments from men who liked the femininity that stops short of 'sugary' as one guy put it. it's quite comfortable and doesn't bunch up when one sits down. i wore it with copper jewelry and that really made it 'pop.' a great piece for one's wardrobe.	Knits
This top is even better than pictured. the colors are brighter, though still natural. this allows lots of possibilities with pairing bottoms to it. i ordered a large (my usual size) and would say it's pretty loose, but doesn't look ridiculous. it just hangs well and fits the way it should. the fabric is a little thin so you'll need a shade shirt or tank under it if you don't want your bra to show through.	Knits
This top is simple but beautiful. i am either a large or xl but purchased this in the xl. it is a swing top, but has a beautiful flow to it which is not overbearing. i am around 5'6" and slightly on the broad side and do not feel overpowered by this shirt at all.i love a top that can be worn everyday with a pair of jeans or dressed up with a pair of slacks. the plus to this top is that it can born worn almost year round which i like.a great staple for your closet.	Knits
The neutral color was at my local retailer, which is a rich brown/mocha, much nicer looking in person. like others, this is quite sheer and thin. however, it is so stretchy, breathable, and comfortable that i would use this for layering instead. for my 5'9", 36c, hourglass frame, i found the medium to be rather body hugging. it was not at all loose like on the model. for me, this is fine because i will layer, eliminating issues of sheerness.	Knits
This is another one of those darned swing tops. i can't even with this trend. this shirt has such a nice print/color palette going on but it's ruined by the swing cut/henley combo- it looked like i was a little kid wearing an oversized men's night shirt/smock? i don't know, it was just not at all flattering. i ordered my regular size large and a medium would have worked and probably still been generously cut. i disagree with a reviewer who said it might work for larger sizes.. this just made my	Knits
Description is wrong. not a swing tunic. more long and straight. keep that in mind when buying this. if you have hips, this might not be the top for you	Knits
I've been searching for a brown top/dress/tunic forever and i finally found the perfect one!! i stumbled across this adorable tunic while browsing the clearance room at my local retailer and you can imagine my excitement when it was my size (small). i tried it on and almost asked to wear it out of the store. it's sooo soft and has a beautiful rib-like pattern/texture to it. you could wear it as a top with pants or a dress with tights/leggings.	Knits
This shirt had everything going for it - the cut, the length, the fun texture, but when i stepped into the light it was totally see through. i don't want to have to wear another shirt underneath. this one is going back. definitely not a swing, but still cute.	Knits
Love this dress! really comfortable and flattering. the arm holes are a little big but not too much for me to return the dress or not wear it. love it!	Dresses
A great little dress that can be dressed up or down.	Dresses
This dress was cute but the fit was not quite right. the bottom half fit well but the top half was a little loose. it was wearable but i was worried after wearing for a few hours it would stretch out even more and look frumpy. like other reviewers have said, this dress really needs a belt to bring it together. i ended up returning it because i didn't love it.	Dresses
I know that some folks said it runs small, but i am usually a size small or medium in dresses and the medium feels big to me. that being said, it definitely works, and i think it'll be great. excited to dress it up with accessories- feels professional enough for me to teach in.	Dresses
Dress fits perfectly and is extremely comfortable. great for day or evening. love it!,	Dresses
I got this because it was on sale and it looked like a fun design. i like it so much more than i expected to! the material drapes beautifully so the lower parts skims my body while the upper part moves nicely but doesn&amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;t stick out too much. i love the green color too! i tie the ties on the back of the dress--at the level of my shoulder blades--rather than on top as in the photo. i think it looks cuter that way. so glad i took a chance on it!	Dresses
I have seen this dress for a while and was holding off, but then i decided to try it on (the regualar) size in store to keep in mind for my next binge :-).the cut is flattering, length is jsut above my knee so i would not get the petite on this one. i would, as others have mentioend, wear it with a belt. overall it fits like a nice comfy t-shirt with comfy skirt, but as a dress, very nice.	Dresses
This dress is so cute and so comfortable. i will be wearing this to a lot of different kind of events. i am so happy with this purchase.	Dresses
For reference: 5'3, 130#, athletic/muscular body type (broad shoulders, slim hips)i'm a bit confused on the sizing for this, especially based on other reviews mentioning they needed to size up. i ordered the xs, and i was swimming in it. i usually am quite comfortable in size small, so i'm not sure why the xs was still too big. perhaps you need hips for this dress to work, because it was really just hanging on me and not figure flattering at all. i'm not sure if ordering the xxs would make thi	Dresses
I only gave this three stars due more to personal preference than to any real flaws with the product. it is very comfortable and for a jersey-style shirt quite warm. but that is one of my issues with the shirt. i wanted to wear it well into spring and i think it'll be just too warm. (i live in the northeast) i also felt that while it fit tts it had a more generous fit than what i expected, which was another negative for me. i wanted it to be more fitted to my body. however, i did keep it because	Knits
This is the most comfortable dress ever! it's so soft. i typically wear a size small and this fits true to size. it is long enough to wear to work, which i love. it looks great w flats in the summer and it's going to look great w boots!	Dresses
Very cute and comfortable! can be wear with tights and boots or into spring with flags! very flattering fit for someone with smaller upper body them bottom half!!	Dresses
I meant to order this online and forgot. i was very happy when i was able to get it in one of the stores yesterday. it's everything a summer dress should be: flowy, lightweight and a great print. i can't believe there's no reviews and that it still available in every size. for reference i got a small i am 5'4" 135. this dress i thought would make me look wide because it's all straight across but in fact it really has a great flow and is cut well. grab it while you can.	Dresses
This was way better than i expected it to be. tts and flattering. the material on the top section is on the thinner side, but is very soft and comfortable. the skirt section is a little on the shorter side for me, but with tights i think i could still make it wearable for work.	Dresses
This dress is so cute but it definitely is highly as other reviewers have stated.	Dresses
What a great find! this is so easy to dress up or down and a very comfortable fit and fabric. the skirt fabric is pretty form fitting so not something i can comfortably wear to work but it's a versatile piece otherwise. the buttons on the sleeve are a nice touch.	Dresses
I really like the look of this dress, but i ended up returning it because it was too short. the shoulder area was also too big on me.	Dresses
Took another reviewer's advice and sized up to an xl. unfortunately it grabbed around my midsection and wasn't attractive. love the color. and it's dreamy soft. the sleeves are attractive on less than toned arms. my problem was with the side view which emphasized my tummy (it clings) and you could see a lot of my bra because in the larger size the armholes are large. sadly returned.	Dresses
If any of you have read the book or watched the movie "sisterhood of the traveling pants" then you will understand this analogy. i am convinced that this dress hugs everyone in the right places. it looks kind of boring on a hanger, but has an incredible fit that complimented my waist so much. i instantly felt tinier in every trouble area of my body. although the design of this dress is casual, i feel that it can easily be dressed up for a nice brunch or meeting. i love basic clothing designs tha	Dresses
Easy to wear and very cute, especially for curvy ladies. but, i think it looks best worn with a best, or a blazer on top, something to emphasize the waist a bit more.	Dresses
5'7", 34c, 28 jeans, size 4 dress. fell in love with the pattern in particular, knowing the design might not work best for my body. ordered the size small - it was not unflattering - but it did nothing for my body type. if anything, the excess fabric made me appear wider and made my waist non-existent. the trouble was that the skirt portion has the elastic band starting high - approximately right under your chest - almost like an empire waist (this is hidden by the flap of material hanging over	Dresses
Very comfortable dress for fall and early winter. love the material and great to throw on to run errands in over the weekend, or could dress up with flats and sweater for work.	Dresses
I love how comfortable this dress is! i ordered an xs and it fit perfectly (i'm 5' 4" and it falls to just above my knee). it holds its shape and is very flattering. pair it with a cute denim jacket and ankle boots for fall, or a light scarf and ballet flats for spring!	Dresses
This dress is is super snuggly and soft. i have recently been purchasing more and more dolan clothing because of the quality and comfort. i'm 5'7" 126 lbs and the medium fits well. i find the arms to be somewhat long, but not too much so.	Dresses
Really cute everyday dress. love the fabric and material, it's super soft. a great dress to just throw on and go.	Dresses
This dress is really really soft and comfortable. it's loose but still flattering. i would definitely recommend it.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to a pre-wedding event at an out of country beach wedding in late fall, so i bought it a size smaller than normal, but it fits, so i could say it runs a little big. very cute though and i thought even more flattering than i thought it would be from the picture! i'm more top heavy, and it kind of camouflaged that, which is always great!	Dresses
This "little" dress is extremely cute and very comfortable. i didn't pay enough attention to the picture and totally missed the faux wrap skirt, but that only adds to the appeal, and is well done, not showing too much skin. this dress looks great with a white denim jacket or a red cardi. it will get lots of use and really is a 3 quarters of the year piece.	Dresses
This dress is so pretty, comfortable and easy to wear. i got so many compliments in it. it is a winner for sure!	Dresses
Love this top!	Knits
Soft, comfortable, flattering - great for spring, summer, fall, and wear a tight black long-sleeved tee underneath for winter! not form-fitting, even if you size down.	Dresses
I tried this on in the store and was sad that the small was a little unflattering around my mid section. couldn't stop thinking about the dress though, so checked reviews online from home...many said to size up. i ordered a medium and it is perfect! fits so nicely now and the fabric is so cozy!! i thought the top would be too big in a larger size but it still looks good.	Dresses
Wonderful dress! very comfortable and great fit! received numerous compliments whenever i wear it.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. i sized up 2 sizes based on other reviews and it fits well. it is on the shorter side. i purchased the blue and it's a beautiful color. i was in love with the dress until the zipper burst open after wearing it for five minutes. i think i'm going to have the zipper replaced because i like it so much. but at the high price point there should be a functional zipper.	Dresses
I like the fabric - very smooth and feels nice on the skin. i like the handkerchief hemline too.i didn't realize how much i would not like the neckline. it feels too tight and too high to me and i'm not sure i could wear this for long without pulling at the neck. also, the fit is loose, maybe a bit too loose for my taste. but it's the neck fit that makes me have to return this dress.	Dresses
This dress is so soft and comfortable. great winter staple. i purchased the blue motif, which really doesn't have any blue on it. the stripes are fun and make this the perfect dress to throw on and feel great while staying comfortable.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in the green color. the dress did not look like the picture. i returned the dress since it looked like something to wear to a farm barnyard dance. i returned the dress.	Dresses
I love this dress! i generally wear size 10 and the medium fits perfect. i'm a curvy lady and this dress fits great. i've received many compliments on it and might even get another pattern because i love it so much!	Dresses
This dress is adorable. it's easy to wear, really comfortable and i think looks great on. i'm 5'4", i probably should have gotten a petite - the shortest part of the dress meets my knees. the fabric is quite soft, flows like jersey - it does seem to be a little cheaper and i can't speak to durability yet...hoping it holds up!	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress..and it did not disappoint! true to size, not too snug but doesn't make you look shapeless. the material is soft and has great movement. looks great with boots and booties. i know i will be wearing this one often!	Dresses
Casual comfort with style! fabric is a dream to wear and it flows nicely. not exactly form-fitting, but still flattering. i'm 5'9, 140, and wore the medium.	Dresses
The fabric is super soft and litght. it hardly feels like you are wearing it. body skimming fit can disguise a less than perfect figure. can easily go from day to night. absolutely love.	Dresses
This dress looks great online with boots as shown. when it arrived and i tried it on, it fit great on my arms, wasn't too tight on my neck, but once it went down over my chest (36c), the dress never came back "in" to show my feminine waist/shape. it just looked like a big trash bag on me, very disappointing! similar to a mumu.	Dresses
I didn't think i'd like this due to the high neck, but i was in the store and it was so soft that i tried it on in the black motif. this dress is so comfortable and flattering. it's definitely a versatile piece: dress down with a denim jacket or dress up with heels. and it has pockets!	Dresses
Tried this dress on at my local retailer and just fell in love with it. it is a sleek, almost '90's style design that is so comfortable and flattering at the same time. and it has pockets! i will be wearing it all summer with flats or sneakers.	Dresses
I bought the multi-color stripe and it is adorable! i am 5'9", 135 lbs and purchased a size small. it is a perfect length and drapes well...not too tight at all. i received a ton of compliments the first time i wore it. highly recommend!	Dresses
I was hoping this dress was a bit thicker, but when i tried it on the fabric was very thin and sheer. because of the body skimming design, this dress likely won't work on many without some serious spanx or body trimming hosiery. if you work out and are very fit, you might like it, but i don't so i'm not that brave! lol	Dresses
I took a chance buying online. i'm thrilled this dress clings at the top and releases where it should (below the bust) without looking like a tent. a very classy dress for work or play. just hope it holds up after a wash as the material is thin (but opaque). love this dress.	Dresses
I always wear dresses because fl is hot. this one is easy breezy and fun. it's trendy without trying too hard. nice lines, the fabric is nice and soft and washes well. the pattern is pretty, i got both colors. i always get compliments when i wear this dress.	Dresses
I loved this dress. it runs small (i'm normally a 2) so i had to get a 4. in the fitting room, the zippers got stuck a lot. i assumed it was just from the way the waist was sewn in. finally i found a dress that would zip pretty well. i went to put on this dress for my rehearsal dinner the night before my wedding. my fiance and i tried in vain for 20 minutes to try to zip it up... and then it broke. the part that was zipped became unzipped and the zipper had no where to go. it was awful. i co	Dresses
Love this dress!! i layer spanx and a seamless tank underneath, as the fabric would show everything if worn on it's own.	Dresses
In general, if you were a fan of the turtleneck swing dress, you'll love the overall fit (tts) and fabric of this. the patterns/colors are also great! my issue was the armholes...they are a bit too large and the opening comes a little too far forward which makes it a little unflattering in the underarm area. i may reconsider when it goes on sale, but it's a pass for now.	Dresses
The price is amazing for this easy and flattering dress. looks great as is or with a scarf, sweater, jacket, you name it! i just couldn't resist getting carried away with this one..	Dresses
I love this dress so much. it is more comfortable than any of my pajamas and the best part is it is very work appropriate, especially paired with chambray shirt buttoned and then tied at the waist.	Dresses
I thought this dress looked really cute and many people gave it great reviews. for me, there were a few key things off for it to work. i thought the material was soft, although not thick as you might expect with a turtleneck style dress. i ordered a small and the top fit ok, the arms were a little tight. then the larger problem was the body, it hides everything which is great but the way it fell and just sort of hung there, it didn't do anything for my figure and was not flattering around the wa	Dresses
Outstanding dress. looks like a class that i will wear for many events to come. i couldn't decide which color way i liked in this dress----the red/white or the green, so i purchased both. i can see myself wearing the red into early fall and the green is a very springtime/summer dress. yes, the cut runs small but i don't think it is as small as some of the other reviews. i typically wear i size 6, and this one the 8 fit perfectly, so maybe one size up.	Dresses
Great dress - the hardest part was picking which color. the dress is a slim swing silhouette and very flattering. the fabric skims the body without highlighting my problem areas (lower abdomen and hips). the dress is modest enough for work (it ends a few inches above the knee in the middle, comes to my knee on the sides). i am always a xs or s in maeve - i went with the small on this dress. the sleeves aren't as long as the picture shows - they ended where they should. i went with the navy and w	Dresses
I fell in love with this as soon as i tried it on. it doesn't look nearly as good on the hanger, so definitely worth trying on. the fabric is high quality and super comfy; the fit is very flattering. i am curvy, 5'7" and got the navy stripe print in size small. it's very forgiving, fitted without clinging to any "problem" areas. i also love how versatile it is--you can wear it as a dress as shown on the models, or as a tunic over tight jeans or jeggings/leggings. love it!	Dresses
I saw this online and wasnt sure and actually walked right past it in the store. but my usual stylist walked around the store with me and insisted it was a goodone. she usually knows what she is talking about... super soft nd comfortable, love the long sleeves (it has hidden buttons), cut is flattering on everyone. i ended up ordering petite size. turtleneck is not too tight, and the dress can pretty mjuch be dressed up or down. my friend also bought it (huhm twinsies)!! my favorite design was t	Dresses
Great, stylish, swinging dress. softly draped fabric, so comfy to wear....very slimming and figure flattering.	Dresses
I love this dress (i bought the navy with white stripes). it is comfortable, flattering, and versatile. best of all, i received a complement from my husband, who never comments on my clothing! the drapey knit fabric fits closely (but not tightly) in the shoulders and bust and then skims over the lower body. the fabric is soft and stretchy, not too thick, but still substantial enough that i did not need to wear support garments underneath (i am 5'4", 123 lbs). i wore this to a christmas party and	Dresses
I bought this dress at the sale and love it! very retro inspired and pretty. however, because of the placement of the zipper with the ribbons, it's hard to zip up. i had to size up to a 12 for this problem alone.	Dresses
I ordered online. i sized up one size. it fit perfect. so flattering and so pretty. then i tried to take it off and the zipper stuck...badly. 30 minutes later i was sadly packing it up to ship back. the zipper is that awful.	Dresses
Love this dress - "swingy" is definitely the right descriptor. as someone with a large chest i was worried it would be boxy and make me look larger, but the cut is flattering even if it is on the loose size. it runs slightly large so if you're between sizes i would size down.	Dresses
I have the long sleeved version of this dress and was super excited to try on the sleeveless version, but it just didn't work nearly as well. the armholes are huge and will definitely show quite a bit of bra. the black pattern was also nothing special. i like the mock turtleneck and the dress has a nice swingy feel - would consider getting it if it went on sale. i tried on the small and the extra small - didn't notice a difference between the two. i think i have on the xs in the photo.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress.....the reviews were great, the price was right and i needed a simple black dress. the fabric (jersey) is lovely and drapes nicely and the print was pretty. unfortunately, the armholes were way too long and low for me and even with a black bra, i was sharing more of my lingerie than i wanted. perhaps someone with a slightly smaller chest could size down and avoid oversharing!for reference, i am 5'5", 145 and wear a 30gg bra. i ordered the m.	Dresses
This dress is a great casual outfit. tha fabric is substantial and very soft. the only negative would be it is a little large through the chest/arms. i ordered a large as i am curvy but would like to exchange for a medium. sadly the medium is sold out but i love the dress so much i am keeping it!	Dresses
I bought this online so didn't realize that the fabric at the bottom is very, very stiff. i was expecting something silky, or at least on the softer and more moveable side. the best description i can think of is an overly starched mens dress shirt. that being the case, it kind of juts out in weird places. the sweater part is very nice, but it is somewhat closer fitting than what it seems in the picture. the fabric bottom is too ample for the slimmer design of the sweater which just adds to the o	Dresses
Love that this is comfy, with a subtle yet sexy vibe. had so many compliments when i wore this to work, with everyone asking where i got it! fits true to size (110lb, 5'4") and xs fit perfect. took off a star because it may look like it could get that "fuzzy" pilling over time.	Dresses
This dress is completely versatile and great to wear as is or add a vest or chunky sweater for a layer. i bought it late last week and love the fit and comfort of the jersey knit fabric. also, you can't beat the price for an retailer dress!	Dresses
I love this dress! the design is simple, colors and patterns are eye-catching but not over the top. cutting is perfect for me and very flattering. the material is flowy not clingy. it is a piece of easy, no-hassle garment that i would love to wear everyday and make it my uniform. seriously, it doesn't get better than that. if they make more of this style with different colors and patterns, i will just buy them blindly.a word of caution: the dress does have slightly bigger armholes so some pe	Dresses
This dress is adorable. i got it in red and it is very flattering. i love the shape - it has a slight flare without being too full. the fabric is firm so it holds a nice shape, and there is a stretchy material lining on the inside that make it very comfortable. my only complaint, and why i didn't give it a 5 star rating, is that the zipper sticks at the ribbon junctions. a bit frustrating, but not enough that i won't keep the dress.	Dresses
Just a heads up because i didn't notice the pink in the blue motif print until it had arrived. almost sent it back - changes the overall aesthetic, makes it harder to layer in winter, black shoes stand out more etc... but i don't really like the orange print and i'm a red head... so i'm keeping it but it would have been amazing if it were cream and blue. i also bought the emerson swing dress. this dress runs tts (emerson runs a touch larger). i'm 5'5" and the dress came to just barely above my k	Dresses
This is a super cute dress which is quite flattering. it is made with a higher waist and a bit of a fit and flare. the only complaint is the side zipper which seems to get caught and not move easily.	Dresses
I originally bought this dress in navy and i absolutely loved it! so i bought a second one in the neutral color. they both fit perfectly and are very flattering! i love how i can dress them up or down. i wear them out to run errands and look cute while being comfy. i also wear them to work! i am an np so business casual is a requirement for office days. when i'm used to wearing scrubs, i hate wearing true dress clothes. these dresses are a happy medium. i only wish my size was available in the t	Dresses
This dress is super comfy and really cute! i was worried that the horizontal stripes might not be flattering, but they didn't make me look larger at all. it's great for casual wear, but can easily be dressed up with a jacket and booties.	Dresses
Super cute well made dress. runs very small. order at least two times your typical size.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely flattering and will make you feel beautiful. fabric is thin but can easily be transitioned from fall to winter to spring. hugs all the right places. true to size. i am 5'2 and 120lbs, curvy and the small fit well. i am so happy with this purchase. great price point as well	Dresses
Since several reviews said that this dress ran small online, i decided to go to my local retailer store to try this on in person. i am 5"6", 120 lbs. and normally a 0 or 2. the 2 worked perfectly. i loved the red version online but thought the green was better for me in person (the red is a tomato red and was more overpowering on my fair skin). the green also has light blue in the detail print so maybe good if you have blue eyes. no problems with the zippers on the ones i tried at the store.	Dresses
First, i absolutely love this dress, and i was super excited when it arrived today. i sized up as other reviewers recommended, and the dress fits perfectly. however, when i zipped the dress up, the zipper came apart in the center. going up another size would make the dress fit improperly, so i am hoping to exchange it for a new one and have better luck with the zipper.	Dresses
Just got this dress in the orange print and i can't begin to say how much i love it!! looks even better in person than online and it's super flattering. love the neckline, armholes are perfect and show off toned arms and shoulders ( this is the kind of dress that makes time spent at the gym worthwhile!). the fabric is light and stretchy and the pockets are an extra bonus.i would say fit is tts but keep in mind that it's very loose at the bottom so i would go down in size if you want a less loo	Dresses
Love this dress! purchased it online, the xl sizes can be difficult to find in the store. dress is very cute on and you don't need to be reed thin like the model. it flatters the figure and yes, i wore spank with it. the length is good, the design (black and neutral) is flattering. i chose this to wear to my husband's christmas office party (his new job)! you know first impressions; i did not want to be over dressed. i wore my antho black boots which lace in back and go over the knee- (slouch a	Dresses
This dress is super comfortable and flattering. i went with the stripes (and the p to shorten the length) -- it looks amazing with otk boots. however, the material isn't very thick; it's more of a fall/spring dress than a winter. i'm a xs-s p in retailer dresses - i went with the small. xs would've fit but less flatteringly	Dresses
The sleeves are fitted which i love. works with a belt or without.	Dresses
I read the rave reviews, but tried this on with low expectations. i am curvier on top so i thought the dress would make my chest look huge and show my tummy budges. the dress was the exact opposite - so flattering and a piece i could truly dress up or down. i am 5'6", 135lbs and a small fit perfectly. i rarely purchase anything at full price but plan to circle back to my local retailer to pick this up today.	Dresses
Loved this dress when i tried it on in the store and thought it would be perfect for a casual wedding. unfortunately, the day of the wedding the zipper split and i had to wear something else. it fit well, but was poorly made. based off other reviews, this isn't the first time this has happened with this dress! not worth the risk at all.	Dresses
This dress is comfortable, hugs and skims at all the right places, and sports a perfect length for a shortie like me. wish the other patterns weren't sold out.	Dresses
Love everything about this dress...cut, color, material and price!	Dresses
This dress has style and a delicate balance between design and the beauty of the material.	Dresses
A cute dress, though waist a little too high (more of an empire waist... hitting at widest part of rib cage). this looks like it should be a stretchy knit dress, but the detailing has no give whatsoever and the dress runs quite small. i usually wear a 00, but though i could get it zipped, it wasn't comfortable, and if i want to keep it, i'll need to size up to a 0. i'm 5'6", 32b-24-35.	Dresses
The fabric feels and hangs nicely. it's very versatile, you can dress up or down. i purchased the navy stripe one and wear with brown boots. thinking i might need one of the other two as well, perfect for texas winters!!	Dresses
Super cute, flowy, and flattering. i would buy again in a heartbeat.	Dresses
I finally pressed 'go' on the orange dress during the weekend sale. the dress is terrific. i am a busty (36dd) size 8/10 and the m fits perfectly. based on the reviews, i had planned to take this to the tailor to take in the armholes, but it is not necessary at all - no bra showing in front or back. i am 5'6" and the shortest part of the hem is about 2" above my knee. there is no lining, so i might add a short pull-on slip depending on where i wear it, but otherwise this is an easy dress to be w	Dresses
This dress is so beautiful on. purchased in black motif and it can definitely be dressed up or down. material is lightweight (perfect for summer) and the dress washed up beautifully in the washing machine. i always wear an xs in maeve and the dress fits true to size.	Dresses
I had to order this dress in three different sizes to get it right. i'm 5'6" and 125, but have a petite frame with curves, so i ordered the small petite; the sleeves and length were too short. then i tried the small regular, and i swam in that one; way too much fabric. the i tried the xs and it fit perfectly. it does stretch around the bust line, so wearing a red bra would look tacky as you can see through the lighter fabric, but black or nude is fine, or even a slip or a tank would cure that is	Dresses
I so wanted to love this little dress, but it just didn't fit my body well. as suggested by others, i ordered a size up, and it did fit. the fabric is stretchy, so there is some give there, but the size zip was a little sticky, because the trim causes a lot of fabric to be bunched along the zipper. the real problem was that the dress was too short-waisted for me. the waist band came right under my chest. maybe this would fit someone with a small-or mid-sized bust better than it did me. i also th	Dresses
I bought this dress for an all white event. i had many compliments but it was the most fun dancing dress because the top layer spins out! it is loose and flowy but the arm holes are rather large and sizing down might have been better. i am 5'8" and athletic and ordered a m and if i had time might have exchanged for a s. you must steam out creases before wearing.	Dresses
This is the softest most comfortable dress ever. i bought a large because it was the only one in stock at the store. i'm 5'9, 135 and it's a little loose but still flattering and comfortable due to my height. if you are tall you will not be disappointed w this dress!	Dresses
This is a really cute dress, just did not look flattering on me at all. i suppose i could have gone down a size, however i just did not love it. i am 5'3" 130#, athletic build, 36dd. i read the other reviews and everyone loves this dress. here is what i did not like. there are pockets, which i cannot figure out the purpose, that lay oddly all bunched up right at the hips. due to the shape of the dress, it bunches out. on my short frame, it made me look shorter and wider. the fabric is a lightwei	Dresses
I loveeeeeeee this dress! i saw it online and immediately loved the blue/ orange large floral print but so did everyone else and it sold out quick. but i thought the shape could be flattering so i ordered in the black polka dot and loved the shape! so flattering. i ended up going in store and buying the other two colors. the patterns are vibrant and lovely shape. my only concern was seeing it in store i noticed it stretching while just hanging on the hanger. i wish the fabric was of better quali	Dresses
Finally a dress that is not too short! i'm 5'11 and ordered two sizes. the small was too short and a little snug for my liking. but the medium was a perfect fit.	Dresses
I got so many compliments from friends, i bought another one in different print. packs and travels well. i'm 5'6" and a heathy 160 lbs, carry my weight in the middle. this dress is very flattering and fabric feels like pj's. also east to wear with regular undies and racer back bra. living in a warm humid climate, it's my new go to dress. the fabric is so stretchy that i found the medium a better fit instead of my usual large.	Dresses
This will be a great go to piece with leggings and boots for winter and to transition into spring with wedges. i purchased the blue stripe and the multi stripe with the intention of returning one but i liked them enough to keep both. the quality of material is great and super soft and i love the little snap detail on the sleeves. i am 5' 7", and most always wear a size medium and it fit perfect. the dress hit right above the knee but not too high so i can wear the dresses with or without tights.	Dresses
I got this in black with white dots. fits great, flattering and helps hide middle section.	Dresses
Tried and bought this in the store! loved it. my normal size 4 worked great. little word to the wise, be careful zipping it up, which is a little tricky. the first one i grabbed had a broken zipper. just takes a little work getting it up bc the fabric is thicker.	Dresses
Love this dress! i bought the blue motif. which barely has any blue at all. it is the softest cotton dress i own. i wore it with my red hunter boots today and it made for the best rainy day ensemble. love, love! and i got it on sale which just sweetens the deal :)	Dresses
If you want it, buy it now. this dress is everything and then some. love it. i bought two, the neutral (black) and the turquoise. the turquoise one is a very retro print, i am getting many compliments. they are so comfortable and flattering. i'm all about this price point retailer. more please!	Dresses
Absolutely love this dress! so cute with booties and a jean jacket. will be a great staple for spring and fall	Dresses
As usual this dress does not disappoint. looks great with boots and is the perfect day to date dress.	Dresses
Gorgeous, color, fabric, and cut. i ordered the blue in a 14. i always wear a 14p or large petite in retailer. i purchased a regular 14. it's a full size too small in the ribcage. cannot zip it up.. i'll be exchanging mine for next size up. even though i'm 4'11", the length is fine. if you're tall, it might be pretty short for you.	Dresses
Very comfortable and stylish. can wear with tights, as a dress, or over jeans. cute any way! the material is not super thick, but not too thin.	Dresses
This dress is really lovely. i purchased in the blue green color and think the pattern and ribbon detailing is gorgeous. it runs very small - i am normally a 00p in maeve, and in this dress, due to the length, ended up with a 2 regular. i like my dresses to fit and could have gone with the 0 - it fit well at the waist but was tighter than i prefer across the chest and wanted a more comfortable fit. as other reviewers have noted, it has a higher waist which i think contributes to the sizing issue	Dresses
I bought the dress in navy stripe in december and it became a favorite, so i jumped at the opportunity to buy the "blue" (pink/purple/blue/black stripes) when it went on sale. this dress is very flattering and feminine, i love the fitted top, fitted sleeves with a cute button detail, and the asymmetrical hemline. i use the navy for work, whereas the colorful stripey one is fun on the weekends. it washes well and holds shape (i hang it to dry). i like it best with boots, but it would work with fl	Dresses
I really liked this dress. ultimately, the turtleneck isn't as flattering on me, but it was a tough choice. the fabric is nice, the style is nice, and it would be easy to wear.	Dresses
This dress is super cute and has the most striking color (i got the blue). i just love it. it's comfortable and flattering and hits me in all the right places. i am a petite girl and normally wear a 0 or 2 in retailer dresses, and, as the other reviewers mentioned, this runs small, so a 4 was what i needed, and even the 4 does not leave any wiggle room. that said, i like my dresses to fit sort of snugly so it works for me. i highly recommend it overall - the quality, cut, color, and comfort all ma	Dresses
I just received this dress in the blue and its very small in the ribcage/bust area. i'm 120 lbs, 5'1, 34d bust and i'm always a 2-4 regular or a 4-6 petite in this brand. i couldn't even zip up the 4 regular all the way. i will probably reorder it in a 6 and an 8. great material, beautiful color, great style.	Dresses
Love this dress! i can't say enough about it. comfortable, stylish, packable! doesn't wrinkle at all. i love it. i bought the neutral and the turquoise. only planned on keeping one but i love it so much i'm keeping both. good dress for fall/winter to wear with flats or tights and boots. can easily be dressed up or worn casual. i am 5'1" 115 lbs and bought the xs petite. perfect fit. a great price point especially with the 25% off dresses.	Dresses
Read other reviews, was worried about neckline being tight-- went with size of last dress i bought from retailer ---s---, perfect!! can't wait to wear this dress! got it in the black white polka dot-- plan to layer with capri legging!	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. it's great quality and fits perfectly.	Dresses
Once again, retailer delivers a beautiful, quality dress. i love it! it is comfortable and flattering. the material is light-weight enough that i will be able to wear into spring.	Dresses
I bought the orange color and the pattern is absolutely beautiful. the fabric and style is very flattering and comfortable. well worth it. runs true to size (i am usually an xsmall 134 lbs 34 c and the xsmall fit perfect). perfect summer dress: soft fabric and light.	Dresses
Totally agree with the other reviewer! just got this in the mail today and it is a beautiful dress but it does run one size too small. i am always a size 8 in maeve but couldn't zip this one up! and at 5"7' it is a tad short but i'm exchanging it for the 10 in the hope that in the next size it will be a bit longer--and that it will fit! but it is a super flattering fit!! and the blue color pops! a stunning dress and love that it's machine washable!	Dresses
Love this dress in the orange print! i do agree with one reviewer who said the high neck is bothersome--it is! but i'm willing to overlook that because it is the style of this dress. and it is adorable! easy and comfortable to wear--and i just love the orange pattern print! took my usual size!	Dresses
I ordered this dress in the black motif and a petite size. the color is slightly more washed out than depicted probably because of the stretchy fabric used, but it is still nice. the dress does run large. the length is a bit too long and the pockets which i was surprised were even there are several inches too low for my 5'2" frame. overall though, this will be a good dress for hot summer days and should travel well. i wish the blue, floral one was available when i ordered this dress as it looks	Dresses
I love this dress. the quality of the material is very nice - good weight and softness. the dress hides my baby belly and feels really comfortable on. i got tons of compliments when i wore it!	Dresses
I am 5'1", 32-26-36 and 115 lbs and got the xsp in the neutral motif at a great price. shipping was quick as well (2 business days). the dotted swirly lines are more beige than they appear on the model. great shape and easy jersey silhouette that will be flattering on all body shapes! will look great with a long statement necklace.	Dresses
Lovely dress in bright teal color. the zipper was a bit sticky as the other reviewers had mentioned. unfortunately i sized up (6) based on past reviews and had to exchange for a smaller size(4). the fabric does have a bit of stretch so i'm really not sure why so many people had sizing issues. this is really a great buy with the current sale. tempted to pick up the red version too.	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. i have received so many compliments. the quality is incredible.	Dresses
The great thing about a swing dress is that it doesn't cling to the curves. this one is the same way. i got the geometric print. the colors are fun. i would have gone down to the small just to loose some of the material on this dress if it had not fit across so tight across the back. if you have no bust, i would say size down two sizes or try a petite. the dress has a breathable fabric so great for summer wear. the only cons are the large armpits and extra fabric but sizing down should help.	Dresses
This dress looks and feels cheap. the white material is stiff and does not iron nicely. the grey sweater is super thin and very cheap looking. overall, a pretty horrible dress. save your money,	Dresses
Order a size down	Dresses
I got this in the floral print before it sold out, and i have never received so many compliments on a dress! it hangs so nicely and is so flattering. the neckline doesn't bother me at all (i know some reviewers mentioned that), but i am a very small busted woman so maybe it has something to do with that? i find it super comfortable, like wearing a nightgown. i am so in love with this dress i just ordered it again in black. it will be a summer staple. i found it runs true to size (i'm 5'3", 115 p	Dresses
I'm usually a fan of maeve, but this dress is just bad. the fabric is thin and filmy, and it stretches to sheer over your chest. the turtleneck is neither tight nor loose, it just droops in a most unfortunate way.	Dresses
I wanted to like this dress, but it just did not work for a bustier frame. the fabric is quite loose, does not nip in at the waist and is not particularly clingy, so if you are well-endowed, your assets create a bit of a shelf from which the rest of the dress just hangs. as a result, the swing comes from the apex of your chest as opposed to from your hips (as on the model), and the asymmetrical hemline makes the look even more awkward. on smaller curves, this would likely be very flattering, but	Dresses
This is a great dress. i purchased the red and gold motif. i like that it is versatile and very comfortable. plus, it has pockets!!! love that! i am fuller in the bottom, so i was concerned with the pockets adding bulk. so far, so good.	Dresses
This dress does fit small.. i am generally a size 10-12 in maeve but purchased this in a 14. i have a large chest (34g) which contributed to my need to size up. the green color is beautiful and the dress looks darling on. i have a little trouble with the zipper but nothing that required me to return the dress. my biggest complaint is that the straps are a tiny bit too long and don't lie flat on my shoulders. other than that i receive a ton of compliments every time i wear it!	Dresses
I am 5'4", 145 pounds, 34dd and ended up with the size small for reference. it fit well but definitely roomy - in case you're not into that style. never tried the extra small, but i would prefer this dress not to hug onto me so i stayed with the small. this dress was really nice and comfy, soft material. the pockets are low and my phone stayed in while i walked but i wouldn't recommend anything heavier than a phone to go in the pockets. i wore this to a family and friends function and re	Dresses
I ordered the neutral and this dress feels and looks great. but my issue is with the fabric. while very comfortable, it fades where its stretched. so around my bust and my back when i moved my arms. i am 5'9", 145 lbs and the small fit me the best but i tried on the medium just to see if it was a fit issue. the fabric still looked weird. i'm disappointed to send it back but i just can't keep it.	Dresses
I bought this dress for my daughter for her birthday and she loved it! she tells me she has worn it many times and gets compliments each time on both the style and the color (ordered the orange). it's a lovely lightweight knit and is easy to dress up or down, plus it is so comfortable and flattering!	Dresses
I have several maeve dresses that fit really well. this was not the case with this dress. fabric and color are great! fit was off especially in top. worst part was zipper that wouldn't move smoothly. took me a good 15 minutes to get it unzipped. such a bummer!	Dresses
I'll start by saying that i loved this dress. i tried it on in the dressing room and knew i had to have it. the colors and design are beautiful and the fabric is soft. i did have to size up but it fit me perfectly once i did. i'm 5'1" 130 lbs 34 d size 6 fit great. the first time i pulled it out at home, i was gently pulling up the zipper and once it hits those ribbon areas on the side, the zipper seam split. i tried for a half hour to get it to realign. i finally decided to go exchange it for	Dresses
It first really run small exactly, rather if you size up one, the zipper works a lot better. it's beautiful in person! i normally wear a 2 or 4 but i tried a 4 and 6. i bought the size 6. for reference in 5'10 130 lbs	Dresses
I watched this dress for quite awhile and when it went on sale ordered it. i'm very happy with the purchase. it's swingy and fun, looks great with tall boots too. i said it runs true to size but i bet the size smaller would have been great too just because it is a bit of a looser fit.	Dresses
There's a stretch and a swing to the dress that makes you feel light and free. really sexy as pictured with boots and scarf	Dresses
Soft and flowy. fit is great. quality is great. i love this dress and i purchased in the turquoise color as well. i haven't worn a dress in 10+ years so i had a lot of reservation that this would be my first. highly recommend.i paired this with 4" short black suede boots and black tights. many compliments (even from my husband and he doesn't usually pay much attention).	Dresses
This dress is so cute! i went to the store to try it on and although i knew the dress would fit i could not get the zipper up. my mom, the sales lady and i all tried to get the zipper up and it would not move past the ribbon. i wish i could have bought this dress but i can't without a working zipper. i tried a size up and every dress at the store that was my size and none of them worked. please fix the zipper problem so i can have this dress!	Dresses
I agree with the other reviewers. i ordered 2 of these but had to return both because the zippers didn't work. when i returned them, the saleslady said many people had problems with them.	Dresses
I ran into retailer today and was very excited to see this dress since i had liked it online but wanted to be able to try it on based on reviews. it does run small for maeve. typically with maeve a 2 fits better on me but i can always wear a 4. in this dress the 4 just fit. it is darling. i got the red and i love the fabric detail and stitched detail. however, the zipper is awful! no way around it, terrible! when i went to try this on at the store the zipper split just opening it to try th	Dresses
This dress is so cute but it's going back. the zipper is horrible and all of the other reviews are true - you'll need to size up.	Dresses
The blue version of this dress originally caught my eye on-line, but wasn't available in the store, so i tried the green one, mainly for size since everyone said it runs a bit small. i did have to size up one or two sizes. i fell in love with the green dress and bought it. it is so comfortable, great quality fabric (not too thin or too heavy). looks great on. i have received several compliments.	Dresses
I love this dress so much, i've considered getting it in the other prints. it's fitted in all the right places and has pockets! i love that it's stretchy. i'm a 36d and it's hard to fit dresses over the chest. this dress is a dream!	Dresses
Love this swing dress. i purchased it for work. it is light and comfy. i wear it with tights and boots. i even purchased it in another color.	Dresses
Very pretty but too short for my age. looks well made and green dress is beautiful. it was just too short for me to be comfortable wearing.	Dresses
Ordered this in the orange (black, white and turquoise) print in both a small and medium. the style is cute and i like the high neckline that shows off the shoulders and swing skirt that falls beautifully and hides a multitude of figure problems. :) i also previously bought the emerson swing dress, which is the same style by maeve. the emerson style ran a bit larger and as the reviews there state, the armholes were a bit long - so i ended up with a small in that one. this lilt swing dress, howev	Dresses
I purchased a medium. i am 5'6" 140 lbs and it fit perfectly. the navy is pretty dark, almost black. the fabric is very soft. the cut is more form fitting in the top and then comes out to an a line. it is not as bulky as some swing dresses. in the photo it almost looks like a handkerchief hem, but in real life it is less pronounced. i have no negatives. i would consider getting a second pattern if it goes on sale.	Dresses
The most important thing is that my husband said he really liked the dress when i put it on.	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the navy and white stripe. i did purchase the petite since i'm 5'2" and it worked out great. very nice style, comfy and flattering. looks great with a pair of boots. one of my go to dresses for sure.	Dresses
This dress is so comfortable and versatile. you can dress it up or down and it's perfect for almost any summer occasion. i have it in the black color and it goes with almost everything! the only complaint i have is the arm holes drop a little too low. you can see part of my bra because of this but it's not too drastic. i'm 5'4" with an athletic build and i feel like the petite would have fit me better. regardless, it's a great dress.	Dresses
I bought this dress in the navy stripe version and love it. the material is so soft it's like wearing pajamas, and the actual swing skirt is flattering (which surprised me when i tried it on). i wore it to work with burgundy heels and got a lot of compliments from my co-workers. i'm 5'9", 130 lbs and the xs worked best for me.	Dresses
This dress is great! i purchased the navy colorway. it is really soft and the fabric flows nicely. i was lucky enough to snag this on sale so i couldn't beat the price. i like the buttons on the sleeves. it adds just a cute special touch. i'm 5'3 and this hits me right at the knee.	Dresses
I tried a size x small on in the store and i am 5'4" 120 lbs. i had trouble getting my head through the dress, and once i did it felt so tight at the neck, as if it was chocking me. the dress color is very nice but the tight neck and odd arm holes were a no. i would not recommend this dress for those reasons.	Dresses
This dress was perfect for the fall/winter. i wish i would have bought more colors. the fabric is soft and clings just enough. i lived in it this winter.	Dresses
I got the blue & it is so cute! i'm a very consistent 2-4 & i ordered a size 6 & that fit well. the a-line does stick out farther than it shows in the photos so i'm having that taken in some...looked like a triangle. it's definitely worth the price & super flattering!	Dresses
This dress is very comfy and soft. i am returning because i didn't like it being a turtle neck, just a personal dislike.	Dresses
Putting my two cents in regarding how fantastic this dress is! i bought the medium petite in navy stripe. it fits great, it's not too clingy and it's flattering to my disproportionate figure (makes me look more hourglass).	Dresses
I was really looking forward to getting this dress in the orange print, but when i finally received, i was a little disappointed. the print placement is not the same as shown on the model, so it doesn't look as a vibrant and colorful. my version of the dress has more of that muddy dark print and hardly any orange or turquoise. also the backside of the print is white and the dress is not lined. i do like the way it drapes on my body and the overall styling. the dress fits nicely in size medium on	Dresses
Great dress! needs a tank top underneath, but has a great shop.	Dresses
I love this dress, it's very comfortable, slim swing and very ingratiating. the fabric is light, i like the details of the buttons on the sleeves. overall, i'm pleased and happy for the purchase of this dress. i will definitely recommend it.	Dresses
I like the way the skirt of the dress swings when you move. in order to get the arm holes to not be too low, i ended up with the smaller of the two sizes i usually buy. i also appreciate the dress has pockets and the soft fabric. the tag says you can machine wash cold gentle which is also a plus!	Dresses
This is a great dress, both in design and comfort. the material is very soft and warm. yet it is also very stylish, and can be dressed up with big necklaces, a belt, and boots. the stylist in the store mentioned wearing it with a vest. it is a great piece that has so many possibilities. i bought it in navy. thank you retailer!!	Dresses
I almost ordered this dress yesterday online but did not. i went into my local retailer today and they had it in stock. tried it and completely fell in love with it and even my retailer lady in the back was amazed!i am 5"5", 115lbs. and went with the xs petite.excellent price point.gorgeous in "neutral"....ttshighly recommend!	Dresses
The stress is a simple basic. i got it in the navy stripe and have worn it with the long gray scarf, similar to pictured. it is very soft and comfortable.	Dresses
I ordered the red version--it is incredibly cute, soft, vibrant, and a flattering a-line. however, this dress is sized oddly, running at least one or two sizes too small, particularly at the waistband. i ordered my usual size and one size up, and even the larger size was too snug in the waist. yet at the same time, i had some gaping at the straps, and i have a full bust. even worse is the *impossible* side-zipper that is a workout to get past the seam at the waistband. trying to wrestle the zip	Dresses
Cute, easy fitting dress. i got it in orange, which is a summery, pretty print. i ordered it in petite because i am 5'1", but the dress is very short, so i'm exchanging it for a regular size. if you're average height, be aware that the dress will be well above the knee.	Dresses
I was so excited when this dress arrived today. as other reviewers have mentioned, the fabric is lovely, soft and drapey and it feels great on. it felt great, that is, until i looked in the mirror. while the dress fit fine, i have a large bust, and the fabric stretched across the bust, causing the print to appear washed out across the bust. not a good look. sigh. another return.	Dresses
Love this dress! it has a nice stretchy weight to it and is texturally interesting. it's the first retailer piece that i ever bought my teenage daughter and she looks so sophisticated in it, like a young lady. it's both classy and youthful! for reference, she's 5'5 100# and is wearing a 00.	Dresses
I love this dress, it's flattering and a nice a line cut that is comfortable to wear, however there are 2 issues with this dress as mentioned by others. the dress is cut at least 1 size too small and the zipper is very difficult. typically i'm a 0 in mauve and i went up to a 2 as the 0 doesn't fit my (petite) rib cage. the zipper is annoying, but i can deal with it for the half off sale price i got with an additional 30% off. i wouldn't have purchased this dress if it were full price, however.	Dresses
This is a gorgeous dress. i got the red version. it's stunning...the zipper is trash however. i'm scared of getting stuck in it like another reviewer.	Dresses
It's not totally apparent in all of the photos, but this dress does have a very noticeable a-symmetric hemline. i have read other reviewers that have said this dress is "forgiving" and a good choice for people with an hourglass frame. if you are truly an hourglass (small waist, larger shoulders and hips due to bone structure rather than weight,) this dress is a poor choice. the fabric of this dress tends to cling to the outermost hip, and the a-symmetry of this particular hemline not only draws	Dresses
This swing dress is very cute and easy to wear. i ordered the orange print and the black because i couldn't decide. the orange looked washed out against my skin color but the black was a keeper. i am usually a small but ordered one in the small and one in the extra small since it is a swing dress and they usually run large. the top is mostly the same fit so i think i may keep the extra small. even still there is a lot of extra fabric. the rayon is a little on the cheap side but it is so comforta	Dresses
Oh, i wanted this dress to work! i bought it in green, red and the solid blue. all ran really small. i *just* fit in a 10, when i would normally take a 6 in retailer sizes (5'8" and 140 lbs). as with many other reviewers, i also noticed that the zipper was a huge flaw. it took a long, slow motion to get it zipped because it would get stuck on the fabric variations. such a cute style, was really bummed it didn't work. i kept ordering it in other colors thinking i would hit the jackpot, but they wer	Dresses
I love the design of this tunic. it is sewn well, but the fabric is cheap. i disliked the texture of the fabric so much that i returned it.	Knits
Love the multi textured look of this top! to me it's like a modern take on a classic sweatshirt. i'm 5'4 and loved the length. to me it is tts, but bigger busted girls may want to size up. i'm a 34b for reference.	Knits
I love the fabric, texture mix and length of this top. i gave it a four stars because my usual size is a medium but had to go with a large. a medium felt a bit too snug through the shoulders. very happy with this top and look forward to wearing it a lot.	Knits
I'm not sure why this dress has such bad online reviews because i absolutely love it! it fit tts for me, but i have a large bust so will run big if you are smaller on top. i don't like paying full price usually, but the quality and beauty of this dress justified it! if you are into prints and colors, you will definitely be able to pull it off :)	Dresses
I tried on the regular size at my store (wish stores close to me carried petites), and it was jsut too overwhelming (aka big). i wanted to purcahse the petite, however, as i really like it (striked out as they are sold out in my size, bummer).the cut is otherwise flattering, and the sweater is really comfortable. i like all the contrasting "colors" and patterns too.	Knits
Was really excited to get this, but got it on and i was swimming in it. i'm not a tiny girl thicker athletic build and the large was massive. sadly had to return. don't know if i'll try a size down.	Dresses
This dress looks cute in the picture and i was hopeful since it was actually silk. i'm tired of paying close to $200 for dresses that are polyester or viscose. that being said, this dress simply had too much going on. the fabrics aren't only mixed, but there is also a faint underlying pattern on the fabric that is the same shade of the main color of fabric. it was simply too much and the black lace trim made it look kind of cheap. my real issue is that although the dress itself ran big, the uppe	Dresses
This is literally the most unflattering thing i have ever tried on from retailer. the sleeves are so weird and ugly. they get really fat at the top, like a dolman sleeve, but it looks really strange because they don?t flow into the rest of the top, which is very structured. it made my shoulders look huge even though i have very narrow shoulders. this is not apparent in the model picture at all. the thick black seams at the shoulders are also placed in a really awkward spot which also contri	Knits
I normally wear a large but this had no give through the bust! beware big chested girls!!!	Knits
To my surprise this sweater is heavy, chic and stylish. its well made and fits tts. i'm looking forward to wearing it. i would recommend this tunic to everyone. it looks better on me than the model.....event though it doesn't look bad. you need curves to enhance the look of this tunic sweater. i really like all the different textures in this sweater.	Knits
I don't usually pay full-price for retailer clothes, but i had a 20%-off coupon and i decided to give this dress a try, as it irradiated a happy vibe and reminded me of books and dress-up clothes from my childhood. i don't regret it one bit! the colors and the print are absolutely beautiful and i love how they mix up and contrast in a subtle way. i really like the long sleeves with the elastic at the wrist. the cord at the waist hangs with a fun mix of tiny beads, faux mini crab claws, and faux mi	Dresses
I really wanted to love this top. love the mix of fabrics and patterns. but it is too short for a tunic length. i should have paid attention to other reviews. i'm about 5'8'' and was not too tight in the bust and shoulders.i have to return because the length isn't right.	Knits
The sweater is comfortable and a good weight. the zipper is very difficult, but i do not have to unzip the sweater to pull it on.	Knits
I was looking forward to this cute top to get me through the winter, but the combination of the very think fabric and boxy shape did not work on my 5'2", 130 lb, 34d figure. the one i received also had an open unfinished seam beneath the zipper. i imagine this would be a great top for someone taller.	Knits
I ordered a small and medium because i was worried about the chest being too tight (i am 5'6", 140 lbs, 34d) but i was swimming in a size medium. it was huge. the small really fits me just fine. my only issue is that the very bottom of the sleeves is tight. i would like to push them up a little since they are 3/4 length, but they are tight. i am still keeping the small though....maybe i'll do surgery on the cuffs!	Knits
This fabric of this top is gorgeous. however, i'm 5' 5" and it hits in a really weird spot. right no the point of the hip that you don't want to accentuate. you could wear it with leggings to a casual thing, but i work in an office so its too short to wear with leggings and too long to wear with jeans. sad, i love the top 90% of it.	Knits
This dress is lovely . i am 5' 1, athletic and busty (38 d/dd) - but not super slim so not easy to petite items that fit in the chest/arms. i ordered pm which usually works and it was actually too big in the chest. im waiting on the ps but think it will work since the cut is generous. material/item is so lovely and comfortable!! i never have extra chest room, so this was such a great surprise!! hope the ps is great but think it will be unless they went crazy on making it to small.	Dresses
I think the model photo doesn't do this dress justice. it's comfortable and perfect for a summery day. i wear it to work with a light grey cardigan, and of course it works well causally. i'm busty --d on a small frame -- but there's not gapping. the colors are pretty with blues and pinks without being childish.	Dresses
Cloth and stone never lets me down! awesome quality, comfort, and versatility. i imagine myself living in this dress this summer! soft fabric, easy breezy fit, pockets, machine washable...what's not to love? go buy it!	Dresses
I wasn't expecting much out of this when i was in the store, but liked the colors and thought i'd try it out. grabbed a s and xs (i'm usually a s in everything but maeve is weird sometimes) - the s fit perfectly (tts), and the xs felt tight in the shoulder seam as well as in the armpit. it does have a detachable slip/liner that may be too fitted for some of you are prone to that issue. in the model shot i think the horizontal seam at the swing portion looks higher than it was on me...falling low	Dresses
Ref: 5'4", 125# 27/4, 32g. i don't think this is for us shorter women. this hits you right where you don't want a vertical line to hit. it flares out at your hip and makes you look shorter than you are. the fabric is like a double gauze and very soft and the colors are beautiful but i couldn't even dream of making this work. i thought maybe with my larger bust it would create shape but it looks like i just wrapped a bunch of fabric around me! glad i tried in-store and didn't online order.	Dresses
Love this comfy, breezy dress. so easy & cool to wear around the hood or casual dinner out. i gave 4 stars for quality because of a small gap in seam near one of the pockets, which i'll fix next time the sewing basket is out. i think the double layers of gauze-like material makes the dress a little delicate if you have animals, so be a careful around claws & paws. the back side is straight which isn't as interesting as the front but for my use, the dress is darling.	Dresses
Usually a m, ordered a s and sp. the sp fit well. comfortable/flattering. fit note: picture makes it look like nude lining is a lot shorter, it is not - this was true in both sizes. great holiday/nye party dress. i disagree fabric feels cheap, but hem off pattern/not even. worth it on sale but not full price.	Dresses
This dress runs large!i tried on a large, then a medium and then a small! couldn't believe i fit a small! this is a cool, breezy summer ensemble that you can wear anywhere! dress it up or down, it's comfy and makes you feel like you can breathe under its baggy motif. love it!!	Dresses
The moment i saw this dress, i knew i had to have it. the plaid is beautiful with tones of red, blue and periwinkle. the photos on the website are very true. the unexpected pockets make it even cuter. i also got the sandals as pictured because i love the whole look. i an 5'5" and usually wear a 4 or 6. i got the small and then wondered if it were too big. i ended up going back and trying on the extra small, but it turns out the small was correct. it should hang and drape and it not meant to be f	Dresses
This dress was exactly what i wanted. great material. cute pale blue slip lining the dress. i ordered a medium and it was perfect. i am about 5'6 and about 145. i received compliments all day on how cute it was	Dresses
This dress looks way better than pictured online. it is lyocel i think so it has a little bit of weight (not heavy and bulky like denim but not as thin as some chambray items i've purchased before) and lays great! i purchased a size small, i am 5'8'' 128lbs and thought it was true to size, i can't wait to wear this! warm weather, sandals and a tote for running errands!	Dresses
I really loved the fabric of this dress, however, it had a weird fit and the pockets made the front hang funny.	Dresses
I am so pleased with my purchase. the two different levels of the dress is just simply fun and unique. the attached matching, adjustable baby blue slip is a nice add. neither the dress or slip fit too tight or too loose around my torso. i ordered a small which fits me perfect and in case it is helpful, i am 5'7", 133, and a 36a. if you have been considering this dress, don't delay, especially at the wonderful sale price!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful on, is thin enough to be extremely comfortable. being curvy, it feels a little more narrow than i would prefer, but i kept it anyway because it is so beautiful as well as functional.	Dresses
Man do i love this dress! love the fit and the quality of the fabric, lays really nicely. i gave it only four stars because it is super short. true i am 5'11" but there is no way i could wear this without pants or leggings. i am super bummed because i really love it but must send it back.	Dresses
I love the look and feel of this easy dress. i loved that it comes with a baby blue slip, however i was in between sizes. the medium - a bit too small and the large- just too big. this dress is probably best in a tall thin body type, especially in a madras plaid.	Dresses
I'm 5'7 and 137 pounds and i tried on this dress in the store. i got the small as it has a little more material in the medium and the small fits like a glove. this dress is great quality and feels good, looks good and can be dressed up or down. like the model in the picture i like the flats with this dress. high quality fashion and total comfort on a hot summer day. go anywhere with this dress and you look like a million dollars. one more little hidden detail it has a detachable slip underneath	Dresses
I ordered this dress on a whim because of the lush colors and the sale price. to my amazement, it has become one of my go-to dresses. it is far more handsome and flattering in person. i ordered a m for my 5'9" and 36c frame and the fit is perfect. contrary to how the back of the dress is shown on the model, the back is not straight, but flows whimsically thereby adding to its famine appeal. at this price, it's a no-brainier purchase.	Dresses
If they still have your size, grab it. fits a bit snug in chest, but material is light and airy. got so many compliments on it. great style	Dresses
Love this dress! the material has a softness to it - just love it! can't wait to wear it this summer. fits true to size.	Dresses
I actually ended up buying two of these dresses. i took the first one to the dry cleaner and they chewed up the slip and put a hole in the dress. i was so sad that i went and bought a second one before they could sell out. the good news is that it was on sale! this is an awesome light and airy dress that is great for those hot summer days. i pretty much wear it every opportunity i get. for reference i purchased the small. it's loose but the shoulders, armholes and slip all fit perfectly. i weigh	Dresses
I wasn't going to even try to see it this dress would fit. it just seemed like such an unflattering silhouette since my body is nothing like the model. i'm so glad i gave it a try because this dress is cute and comfy and looks great on me when i belt it! my outfit is a floppy straw hat, skinny leather belt and flat sandals. there's a lot of fabric but it gathers well without poofing out. i ordered the medium petite and i am 5'3" 36dd 140#.	Dresses
This is my go to, cool, summer dress. it's very light and airy and extremely comfortable. great for 90 degree days!highly recommend!	Dresses
Love it! perfect casual look with a jacket and booties	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress immediately. gorgeous print and colors. light and breezy. classic and comfortable. the petite length is perfect for my height and hits a few inches above the knee. i have a small bust (34a) but a wider rib cage so the petite small was a perfect fit. couldn't be more pleased with this purchase.	Dresses
Love this dress so much. it's super comfortable and i always get a ton of compliments every time i wear it. the fabric is the perfect weight not too heavy. i'll be wearing this all summer long.	Dresses
I love this dress. i don't have many pink things but saw someone in this on instagram and had to have it. it is as comfy as a nightgown. it has pockets! i tried it with brown sandals as well as with a dark jean jacket and taggart grey booties and looks cute both ways. also looks great with a blingy necklace. tts- got my normal med and it's roomy, but not too big.	Dresses
Gorgeous dress. it was designed to accentuate a woman's figure. lovely material, holds everything in place without being too revealing. the dress does not lose its shape. definitely a head turner	Dresses
The waist is a little high and large, and this causes gapping in the small-of-the-back area. very cute dress, if it fit well. would probably work on someone less curvy. 00p, 5'4'',110lbs,32c for reference.	Dresses
Nice lines, just a bit tight if you have larger / more muscley shoulders.	Knits
I was a little hesitant about this dress at first because it looks a bit baggy on top on the model. but decided to order it online anyway based on reviews. well i must say, i'm so glad i did! i really love the shape of this dress. i'm heavy on top but it somehow minimizes that and it also accentuates my waist. the dress is very well made. if you order the right size for you, the slip dress will stay in place. i'm going to style it with high black platform heels, but i also like it with boots as	Dresses
There isn't anything i don't love about this dress! get it before it's gone! i get compliments every time i wear this dress.	Dresses
For once, the dress looks better on me than on the model. mine is tight above the bow and black/grey. my bow isn't this big?not pulled so much and maybe it's not knotted in the photo. it's heavy canvas and doesn't show my flaws. i'm saving it for summer?can't imagine wearing it as a jumper as in the photo.for me (5'3", 32e, 125 lbs) the bust is slightly tight in a 6 but the shoulders are a bit wide in an 8, but both look good. mine is not petite and hits me above the knee (6).the dress is co	Dresses
This is the perfect peplum. it floats a bit but doesn't stick out and is super flattering. that's why i kept mine even though the front seams were like an inch off, and the peplum pleat is crooked. geeze retailer. this is why i can't justify buying much of anything unless it's on sale. quality in recent years has gone wayyyy downhill.	Knits
Such pretty pattern and colors, pleased with dress	Dresses
Love this dress! it's exactly as pictured and the fabric design is so pretty. will look great with a cardigan for fall but also will look nice for summer with the cutout in the back. nice too that it has a detachable slip.	Dresses
A cute top. the peplum seam hits me at the right spot on my waist. for my curvy figure, this isn't always the case. i also am drawn to tanks that i can actually wear a bra underneath without showing bra straps.i usually vary between a medium and a large in deletta, but definitely needed a large.i ordered the "lavender" color, which is disappointing; a dull gray. i've decided to return and order the coral instead.	Knits
Great spring time dress that looks good with a thin top, a cardigan or by itself. the fit is a bit loose but not oversized in my usual size, so if you want a slimmer silhouette or you are not busty, i would size down. love the fabric as it has some give despite its thickness. i would have paid full price but i'm lucky to have purchased on sale.	Dresses
I usually wear a 2-4 in retailer dresses and i was surprised the xs fit better than the s. very pretty, really perfect color for fall. i like that it's not tight or constricting so you can wear it for every day and not feel like it's difficult to move around. the longer length is nice too for. bonus that it's not dry clean only. my only problem with this dress is it's all polyester, which is just cheap fabric. if it wasn't for that, i'd give it 5 stars.	Dresses
I love the look of this dress but the length feels a little awkward which might be my height (5'4"). i'm thinking about having it altered, not sure if i will do that or return it. i love the colors and the back cut out, it may be a better length for taller individuals.	Dresses
I purchased this striped racer tank to wear during the day on july 4th! it was perfect! the back is really special and dresses it up!	Knits
I wanted this so much that i purchased it at full price. i purchased the light denim in a petite small.this dress would be flattering on any figure. i am an hourglass and it is so flattering on me. i am also busty and this dress fits quite nicely as well. the material is thicker and somewhat stiff in a positive way. it has substance and the detail zipper on the back is different. this brand has never let me down. the tie doesn't have to look like the one in the picture. i made a lose double kn	Dresses
This dress has a beautiful pattern, and is perfect for work. i wore it with tights recently, but could see wearing it in the summer too- the print is versatile enough that it translates. the top layer is sort of a crepe like fabric and there were a lot of strings that needed to be cut that were hanging off. i got many compliments the first time i wore this! i'm very curvy and i got the medium and it fits great and is very flattering.	Dresses
I've worn this shirt approx 3 times to work. each time someone comments on how much they like it. i'm attempting to add more color to my workwear. this shirt tends to swing so much i feel exposed. that is the biggest drawback.	Knits
The fit, once you get it on is as flattering as can be. its beautiful quality is undeniable. the problem and it's a big one...you can't get it on without destroying your nails. the beautiful little buttons running up the bodice are impossible to get done and undone. 'dear designer, you forgot the zipper. sincerely, women everywhere'. i loved it so much but just couldn't buy an outfit that was going to take me 20 minutes to put on and since it is a jumper it would be a process throughout wearing	Dresses
I was so happy to find this in extra small. it is such a cute loose fitting top.. very soft and flowy tank. the orange color is so pretty. i went down a size in this top	Knits
This is a swingy shape which means a lot of fabric on the bottom half. so many retailer tops could be maternity wear for this reason, i'm ready for the trend to die out! that said, this print is very pretty and the fabric is great - not sheer for a nice change. i'm returning it because the arm holes are large and my bra shows at the sides. this is a pet peeve of mine. i don't want to wear a cami under a tank. almost a home run, i'm tempted to try one size down but i wouldn't like it shorter so i p	Knits
This jumpsuit is a classic!!!!! i read the reviews where some were complaining about the buttons i did not have these issues (maybe because i have short fingernails). i like this jumpsuit because the style of it will be around for a long time. you can dress the jumpsuit up or down. i rarely pay full price but this jumpsuit is so great/fantastic, that i did not mind doing so. i strongly recommend this jumpsuit.	Dresses
This dress is very cute on the model online, but in person it is quite large and just hands there and doesn't do much for the figure. cute but not worth the $148 price tag.	Dresses
Rompers are my fav so i'm biased writing this review. although they are a little tricky with the fit i definitely can say that this beauty makes my body look amazing! the cut of the fabric makes for a great shape. yes, the first couple of buttons are tough to get on but i'm guessing that after a couple of wears it will get easier. i got my usual size 4 and it fit like it was made specifically for me. i'm very happy with this purchase.	Dresses
As others mentioned, you have to unbutton all tiny buttons to put on and off... i do hope this gets easier with use... but - gorgeous and flattering as all get out! :-) i love the design in the back, and the little annoying buttons are sooo cute. the cut is super flattering, and classy. i can wear this to work, or out, just don't drink too much water ladies.... i am 115 lbs and 30dd chest, and the 0 petite was perfect. seriously, beautiful... so torn (keeping it for now!)	Dresses
This top makes you feel like you should be in the tropics sipping a frosty cocktail. fabric is soft, not too sheer. i'm usually an xs and that's what i kept in this top. armholes not too low as in some. for reference, 5'4", 123 lbs	Knits
This romper fit like a dream! it is gorgeous, unique, and sexy. i am rating this 2 stars because it took me 20 minutes to try it on! there is no zipper and the only way to get it on and off is by buttoning and unbuttoning the small buttons on the top. nobody's got time for that!!!! i wanted so desperately to wear it to my friend's 40th birthday party. but i imagined myself spending half the night in the restroom trying to get this romper on and off. no thank you! i considered buying the romp	Dresses
This is a gorgeous top. it is a very soft fabric that drapes beautifully. i purchased the red print - i tried both on in the store. the red really pops. i've onlyowed this top for a week and i've received many compliments on it.	Knits
Just picked this up in my retailer store and i love it. i bought the orange print and the colors are vibrant and perfect for summer. i am 5'5" and 140 lbs. i took a small which is my usual size at retailer. could be worn unbuttoned as a sleeveless cardi over a tank. i will wear a cami underneath as it is sheer, but that doesn't bother me. another shopper was trying this on in the fitting room and it looked great on both of us. i will wear this all summer long. looks great with denim. happy find!	Knits
I absolutely love this dress! the fabric is very light and airy while not being revealing. the color, being nude as indicated, is a nice change from plain white or off white and the embroidery is just beautiful and makes this dress quite unique. i love the fact that it is a tunic dress which lends to less of a structured look and more of an easy casual style. i recently wore this dress to an out door bbq and was both cool and comfortable all day. i also received many compliments from friends and	Dresses
This top can be dressed up or down. i got it in the blue motif. it is so cute and that wearable, washable fabric. i am a medical student so it is important for me to be able to wash my clothing and not wear things too low-cut (i.e. professionalism). this top fits the bill while still being fabulous. of course it is loose-fitting on the bottom, as the image indicates. it is a swing top. i recommend with skinny pants.	Knits
I just received this and wore it immediately - it is cute even under a cardigan because the pattern 'peeks' out, giving some depth to an otherwise plain white shirt. the material is soft and sort of on the thin side but not see-through. it is a fine knit, and has a satin-like thread to it which makes it soft and cool - perfect for a summer day! it is not as slim on me as the model but i am very petite (51 100 lb) and i think this would run closer to tts.	Knits
I was so excited to receive this jumpsuit as it looks so elegant and i love the lattice back. as soon as it arrived i set about unbuttoning it to try it on. 10 minutes and 2 broken fingernails later i got done. when i tried it on i found that it fit everywhere except the bust which was much too tight and i am not a busty person. so back it goes. even if it had fit, i do not think i could have handled the hassle of those buttons. why they didn't design it with a hidden zipper on the side and kept	Dresses
I ordered this in the blue motif and the print is really fun. the orange is even brighter in person. at 5'8" 130 lbs the small has more than enough room and is a bit longer than some of the other offerings lately.	Knits
I love the bright floral print flanking the solid white middle in this top. with its swing style and large arm holes i think i could have sized down and been ok, but i usually wear a cami with my tanks so the arm holes are not an issue. also, it has a touch of spandex in it which make it extra comfy. overall, a darling top!	Knits
I ordered this and didn't even try it on when it came. the color was not as i expected...it had pinkish undertones and it just wasn't what i was looking for as far as color. also, the fabric is very thin not like the other two tunic dresses i have ordered recently from retailer (toscana tunic & sandscape swing dress). it was also easy to see that this runs large. oh well, thought i might have one more fresh summer tunic dress to throw on in a flash but i'm happy with the other two (i was finally a	Dresses
I bought this recently after trying on both the small and xs. for reference, i'm small-framed, 5'3", 120 pounds, size 4 in most clothes, but can't wear petite sizes, usually a small or medium in retailer tops. i liked the fit and length of the small but the armholes were so big you could see the whole side of my bra. no one wants to see anyone's bra, not even their bra straps. i'd worn a white cami in under my tee that day, so i put it on and it improved the side view, but i didn't like the white	Knits
If you haven't yet joined the jumpsuit bandwagon, now is the time! this jumpsuit is absolutely stunning! classy, elegant and a stand out piece. i purchased at full price. i have a hard time with jumpsuits as i am quite tall and they usually look like an adult onsie on me - this jumpsuit made me feel beautiful, put together and graceful. i cannot recommend it enough! fit is true to size, i am a 4 and purchased the 4. not too short in the crotch and i am almost 5'10. form fitting but still a bit f	Dresses
This is quite large for akemi & kin i typically wear a medium but will be returning for a smaller size.print and flow of top are stunning.	Knits
I purchased the orange version (definitely orange - not red) before heading out on vacation and it was perfect for hot summer weather. the swingy shape keeps you cool and the print is much better in person. the fabric is very soft and hangs well. look forward to wearing to work also with a cardigan. i own a few akemi + akin tops and always get a s. this one seemed a bit large even in s but i liked the length so kept the s.	Knits
This looks cute on the model but was way too big, loose and sloppy for me. i probably needed a petite size. i ordered a regular xs, but returned it. it is an okay black top, nothing great.	Knits
This jumpsuit is so cute and it looked amazing on. i had to return it because of the poor design. it was extremely hard to put on and take off! there are so many buttons to do and undo which are not as easy as snaps! the fabric buttons definitely make a great look to the jumpsuit but there should be a zipper on the side for easy access, or use snaps instead of the loops for the fabric buttons. what a shame of a lovely and classy design on a good quality material, but not worth it if it's difficu	Dresses
This tank is super amazing. very versatile - wore to work with dress pants and flats, and wore out to dinner with jeans and heels. a bit out of my comfort zone since it is a "swing" tank, but love the color and cut! perfect for professional life and going out on the town. i did choose a petite in this due to the long armholes (even though i have a long torso for my body size).	Knits
I have about 3 or 4 akemi & kin tops. i usually take a small. i think this one runs a bit bigger. the armholes are too deep and there is just too much fabric for me. (5'6" 125lbs) i am going to try to size down because i really like everything else about the top. orange is not my color but this has enough white to compensate. the pattern, button detail and fabric are all very nice.	Knits
I was excited to get this shirt in the mail, i liked the pattern a lot, but was so disappointed when i tried it on. i am 5'4", 130 lbs. and wear a c cup so i tried ordering a small as a starting point. there was enough fabric on the sides to make another shirt! despite the excess fabric, the shirt pulled open in the chest area, making it a complete fail. i'm sure the model in the photo must have the shirt clipped in the back to pull in the excess fabric, especially since she's small on top. ther	Knits
I really love this shirt! i ordered the orange and am considering getting the other color too. it's very comfortable and cute. i got a lot of compliments when i wore it. this shirt definitely runs large and i had to exchange the medium for a small. the looser cut makes it very easy for this to look like a maternity shirt, so i'd advise everyone to size down.	Knits
This is a soft, comfortable and flattering alternative to a regular t-shirt - not dressy, but a little more put together looking. it also doesn't wrinkle, so it's my go-to travel shirt for warmer months.	Knits
I just sent this back. it is very cute & the fabric is great, so soft & comfy, but it doesn't work with my shape. it is extremely swingy in shape and the buttons up the front only work if you don't have a large chest. on me, it looks like maternity and it gaps when i button it. am a 34dd. it's not the fault of the top, but a bigger size would have swallowed me. i think if you are thin and also not top-heavy like the model, this will be adorable on you. i am just too busty.	Knits
I agree with all of the reviews. the design and fit are wonderful if you can get it on.! the buttons are a nightmare! whoever made these clesrly sewed the loopholes on the buttons closed with no thought as how to open them or get them off. ridiculous! they need to put a side zipper on this as i will probably check into since i really want to keep it. so so so disappointing	Dresses
Really liked the styling on this jumpsuit. it looks great on, the lattice back is unusual. i had been looking for a little black jumpsuit for the longest time and this fits the bill. just wish the fabric wasn't polyester. on the down side the top buttons are really hard to put on and take off. if you take care of your nails, it could do a number on them. the bottom buttons are easier. can only imagine a struggle when trying to take this off in an emergency bathroom break!	Dresses
Love this dress! the embroidery is stunning and adds to each detail of the dress. i love the pink undertone. it is subtle. it makes it more unique. this is why i love online exclusives. they have that "one of a kind" look to them. the quality is great and the style is that there really is no shape to it. it has a nice everyday feel, but along with its elegance, can easily be dressed up as well. priced a little high is my only complaint.	Dresses
Absolutely adorable!!! i must object to previous reviewers who have stated that the top "fits nothing like that of the model in the photo". i have found that it fits exactly like that "look". i usually wear xl but bought this one in large as the price was too good to pass up! this top affords the slightly slouchy look on top (thanks to the dolman sleeves) but with a bit more fit or i should say....with a bit better fit through the midriff than that of the model. one reviewer stated this top make	Knits
The shirt is beautiful but slightly long. it is see thru and you do need to wear a cami underneath.	Knits
The colors on this top are very bright & cheery. i love wearing this top. i get a lot of complements on the combination of the pastel colors. it reminds me of a warm summer day. i wear a pink tank under neath and it really brings out the pink colors of the top.	Knits
I love this tank top - it is perfect for work and dressing up a more casual outfit. the fact that it has small cutouts is cute and doesn't make it so you absolutely have to wear a tank under it in more casual situations. i love the colors and the boxy fit. great purchase!	Knits
The blue has three colors of stripes: blue, white and black 9between white and blue). the black stripe made it too busy for me. the material is soft and clingy. i followed the advice of previous reviewer and sized up to a m (normally wear s). the shirt fit as pictured on the model, not tight but form fitting.	Knits
I was really excited to get this dress, i initially ordered a small (i am a size 4) but when i tried it on, it was really tight. the bodice at the top fit strangely-i had to shorten the straps quite a bit, and the dress just looked off. i love retailer and get all of my dresses from there, and the look of the dress on line was beautiful, but just didn't fit right. i did love the lace look, and would love seeing more dresses with this design.	Dresses
I bought this on sale thinking it was a great deal, but when it came in i found it to fit like a totally unflattering sack. the pattern didn't help anything, looking totally faded and washed out...the fabric and overall quality is nice, but the fit and pattern are just so..ugly, unfortunately. had to return it.	Dresses
This is a beautiful shirt. like many other reviewers stated, this shirt does not have a lining. but any white camisole works just fine. love it! i've already gotten tons of compliments.	Knits
This dress did not show well on the hanger but thankfully it intrigued me. i love it, it's very flattering and easily dressed up for work with a heel or dressed down for the weekend. great buy!	Dresses
This top is even more beautiful and vibrant in person, but you definitely need a racerback cami underneath it as the laser cuts are big. the first time i wore it today, i got a number of compliments. a definite keeper.	Knits
The colors on the tank were beautiful i didn't keep it because i have a few similar tops, but i liked it! fits true to size with an a line shape	Knits
This shirt is super soft and comfortable! luckily it's a good length and not at all short!	Knits
I ordered bought a medium for a comfortable fit. the material is stretchy, so size down for a body - hugging fit.	Knits
Love the colors and design of this lace-printed top but didn't realize it's not lined. the description says its polyester lace with polyester lining so i assumed it was lined and when you look at the photos, there is a lining under the top. the arm holes are slightly cut-in both front and back so it will be rather difficult to find a camisole with thin straps with a similar cut so they don't show. other than that, it's a beautiful, unique summer top.	Knits
I've been on the lookout for a great quality basic black and white stripe shirt. it's easy to find the super cheap ones that last you maybe four wears. this one is great quality, extremely soft, and comfortable. i'm usually a small in tops, but got this in a medium so that it would fit like the model, slightly loose, i didn't want it body hugging. so, if you're looking for that fit, go up a size, it doesn't stretch out much.	Knits
Great quality and beautiful color! i wear size 6 and ordered s. got lots of compliments :)	Knits
Fyi-the model is wearing the top with a cami tank under. on it's own, it's lace and has holes throughout. i prefer it that way, so you can layer to make it more conservative, but also wear with a nude bra for an edgier look. material washed well and has a pretty raw lace edge seam on the bottom!	Knits
This top is so beautiful! whenever i wear it i get lots of compliments. i have washed it a few times on delicate and it still looks great. i do have to wear a cami under it, but the way the straps of the top are made, you cannot see see my bra or cami strap.	Knits
Nice quality, definitely need to wear a tank top or camisole cause this doesn't come with it. color is great not too bright. true to size. if you want short length zed a petite size.	Knits
I couldn't decide whether to get it in the black and white stripe or the blue, so i bought both. these t-shirts are incredible--soft, comfortable, fit well (i'm 5'2 usually a size 2 in retailer clothing, xs fit true to size for this shirt). the blue is vibrant and, as another reviewer noted, there's a tiny black stripe in between the blue and white. the black and white is actually more of a cream/offwhite but still pleasing and versatile. sleeves roll up easily, which is a preference of mine. they	Knits
The colors of this top are my favorite part, i want to hold onto summer for as long as possible and this time lets me do that!	Knits
Loving the ombr color combination, the smooth lining, the fuzzy felty warmth and the slimming effect when viewed from the front. if you are busty or hourglass, stay tts or size up. if you are straight and/or small busted, size down. if you have a round bottom but slender on top, i'm not sure this dress will fit the way you want, do try it on in person.	Dresses
This was a perfectly nice dress, but embroidery was less elegant than i had expected. be sure to look closely at the neckline, where the material is thick and somewhat informal. it's pretty, but doesn't work for me. otherwise, it is a well made, comfortable, easy-to-wear summer dress. (i sent it back, but thought about it for a while first.)	Dresses
This top is really pretty. it's a very strong embroidered lace all over (front and back) with small holes. but, the description states there is a polyester lining, and this is unlined! so,there are holes. but, i do not think this is immodest and needs a cami. just wear a nude bra under it. the holes are not revealing at all.the sizing is tts, and is as shown in the photo. i bought an xl because if a top isn't stretchy i need to wear a 16 or 18. this fits me, only it's not as loose in the bac	Knits
This is one of those stunning retailer pieces that keep us coming back for more. it reminds me of the lithe dresses from the earlier retailer days. it fits tts. well made with side zipper that zips both the inner sheath and outer tulle overlay ( as opposed to those obnoxious linings that you wrestle with). the inner sheath has a fabulous lattice work pattern while the overlay has beading and embroidered detail. sure to sell out.	Dresses
This dress is so comfortable and so sexy. hugs your curves. probably would not look great on an athletic frame. i bought on sale and was a good price. i usually wear a 2 or 4 in retailer, and the xs fit fine. the small was much too baggy.	Dresses
I'm a little on the fence about this dress. it doesn't do much for my fairly straight/petite body type; i.e. it's not fitted at the waist which i think would help even though i don't have much of a waist to begin with. but the low v-neck is flattering and the flared skirt is too. it's just that it probably looks better on an hourglass shape... i was fine with the fabric type, i'd describe it as a mid-weight ribbed knit blend. i'd say it's true to size, i got my usual xspetite and i'm 34aa, 26",	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. it may run a tad large. everything about the dress is very appealing from the nice fabric, beautiful design and colors of the print. it will go straight into fall. so very happy i tried it! i have a beautiful, elegant dress for the hot weather.	Dresses
I was really pulling for this dress to work because it's beautiful, however the neckline is cut so extremely low that i had to return. it's much higher on the model than in real life. the petite length was still far too long, so additional hemming required, otherwise fit was true to size (5'3, 130 lbs, size 6p)	Dresses
I love how different this dress is in terms of the design. it catches light beautifully. the short, biased hem makes the dress fun and flirty. but, this dress is completely sheer. there is no lining which is very disappointing. i do have a short, nude slip that makes this dress work for me. you will need a slip, for sure! unless you are rhianna. the sizing runs a little large, i probably could size down given the loose cut but overall the proportions are flattering showing off my legs. i will re	Dresses
I bought this dress in a medium petite. i'm 5'2 and 140#. it fit great and made my waist look really tiny. i cannot wait the dress with heels or else you would see the entire shoe. it works perfect with flat sandals. i've received tons of compliments! you can also wear a normal bra with the dress. love it!	Dresses
I like this dress. very nice easy to wear everyday dress. the top is lined but the bottom is a bit thin and unlined. i don't think it was too sheer though. it seems much of the quality of retailer is going down a bit. disappointed overall in the quality of their dresses this year.	Dresses
I adore this maxi! the fit, style, pattern (black motif), machine washability, everything! fits tts (got my usual size s for 5'7", 125lbs). i would say that the length is appropriate - some are super long on me, and i'm not one to wear heels. i was also happy that the top fits nice and snug - my issue is usually that when i bend forward the top drapes open due to my small chest - no problem with this dress! i think it's perfect piece for spring/summer/fall and dressing up or down. my one slight	Dresses
I agree with another reviewer. the neckline is just right, not too low cut and a normal bra should work fine. also it would be nice if this dress were lined. the top part has more than one layer so that's not an issue, but the skirt doesn't so i'll likely wear spanks. other than that, it's a great maxi and perfect for spring or summer (light weight)..	Dresses
Love this black and white dress. the bottom art print is so nice, i am a sucker for flowers, i also love the cut of it, teh tiered hem is very flatering, not too much amterial. the upper part covers a normal bra, and the whole dress is super flowey, substantial amterial, and stretchy (for those days where you ingest more than itnended). flattering cut (waist being the aame apttern as the bottom, gives it a nice shape). i can't say anything bad about this. regular xs fit me but i would ahve t	Dresses
This is such a simple dress to throw on that will give you instant wow factor. you can dress up or down but know that it is completely flattering - head to toe. i am in love with this dress!	Dresses
Beautiful print and a flattering cut. however, the proportions are off. based on other reviews, i ordered a petite (i am 5'4" and don't normally need a petite cut). i also ordered a size down. even the 0 petite requires that i wear 3-4 inch wedges and pin the top in the back to keep it in place. i am going to take it to a tailor to have the hem shortened and the top sleeves adjusted...then maybe the v neck won't be almost to my belly button.	Dresses
Great petite maxi! i'm 5'3 and it skims the top of my feet. soft, fits great and went right into my suitcase for my upcoming trip. can dress up or down.	Dresses
I was on the fence about getting this maxi because it's a tad pricey but ended up scoring an retailer coupon that took a bit of the sting out of the price. i'm so glad i went ahead and ordered it! it's absolutely lovely! i'm 5'3", 117# and got an xs petite; it fits like a glove and is the perfect length to wear with either flats or a higher heel. love, love, love!	Dresses
Very comfortable and easy to dress up or down. i get tons of complaints on this dress- it's a definite win!	Dresses
I ordered this dress online and i love it! i'm only 5'2" so it's always a challenge for me with maxis but this one fit the bill. not too much fabric to be overwhelming on a shorter frame and the length was perfect. the fabric is very comfortable and moves with you. also the quality is great! i ordered a small petite but i probably could have gone xs petite. this would dress would be flattering on most people. need same dress, more colors!	Dresses
The material is nice and has a lot of stretch. i ordered the small as i'm a 6 in most dresses. it fits comfortably i could probably get away with xs but have a large chest so was afraid it wouldn't cover me. i'm 5'2" so a petite might be a bit better but it was sold out. i'll have to wear tall wedges with this one.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and fit exactly as pictured. i'm 5'9", 140 lbs and a size 4 fit perfectly.	Dresses
For me, this looked better in the picture. i found the actual item more garish in person, and way too scratchy (on the outside) for my liking. hard pass for this petite.	Dresses
This dress is very forgiving on my post baby body. i'm glad i purchased the petite, it hits my ankle perfectly (i'm 5'5"). very versatile, i can see wearing this at work (with a blazer) or on a weekend.	Dresses
This is my new favorite dress! i can't tell you how flattering it is. i just had a baby a few months ago, and it's the only piece of clothing i actually feel like i look like my old, pre-baby self in! i'm on the shorter side (5'3"#, very busty #because i'm nursing# and about 118 lbs. i got a mp and it fits great. i could have gotten the small, but i feel that would have been too low cut. honestly, love the cut, the pattern, everything about it. would buy again!	Dresses
I was disappointed in this bordeaux top, a brand i usually enjoy. i ordered a medium, my usual size in their tops. it was very very big and did not fit at all as pictured here. also, the fabric is somewhat sheer and while i tried it on wearing a darker bra, the combo of being way too large and a bit sheer was enough for me to return it.	Knits
I love my new maxi dress! as soon as i put it on, i knew this dress would be my go to dress of the summer. i love the styling with the thicker shoulder straps and higher cleavage. you will definitely be able to wear a regular bra with this dress. the material is soft, light, and flows well. i particularly love the ruffle on the bottom of the dress - it adds that extra little feminine touch. i can't wait to wear it.	Dresses
I think it's a cute dress, but nothing spectacular. that being said, i get a lot of compliments. it's a very flattering cut, but i wish it was more colorful, not just black and white. i'm 5'10, 145 lbs and got the s, i could have probably gotten the xs too, but i'm happy with how the s fits. great length too, since i often have a hard time finding dresses that are long enough for me.	Dresses
I love this dress! my goal is to have a closet full of clothes that are really cute and stylish, but are also very comfortable... this dress fit the bill. the mixture of the fabrics is even more cute in person than it looks online, and the fabric is so soft, it almost feel like wearing pajamas. the weight of the fabric also makes it hang really nicely, and so it's flattering. overall, a great addition to my spring/summer wardrobe.	Dresses
This is a great dress for summer and very flattering! i am 5'4 and could have pulled off the regular length but chose to go with the petite so that i could wear flats.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. the neckline is not too low and the straps are wide enough so you can wear a normal bra! the waist is very flattering and the ruffle at the bottom is not too much. i am short so i ordered the petite and it is a perfect fit. now i just need some warmer weather!!	Dresses
One of the best maxi dresses i have ever found! i needed a dress that could accommodate a large bust (36g) and camouflage my postpartum belly. the dress did it all. i ordered the large (5'7 and 155 lbs) and it is so flattering. it has just the right amount of coverage up top to prevent looking too busty. and the band around the midsection makes me look much slimmer. like i said, best maxi dress ever. price is pretty high, but it was worth it!	Dresses
I love this dress. i live in maxi dresses versus shorts in the summer and this is the perfect cut, weight and quality. i did have to order it in petite or else i was stepping on the bottom (unless really high heels). i am 5'5", so i would say that it runs long. offer this cut in more colors!!	Dresses
This dress is extremely comfortable and looks great on. i'm 5'3" and 34dd and the m petite fit like a dream with even a bit of room at the bust. the length is perfect with sandals or even up to 2-inch heels. perfect for travel and summer entertaining!	Dresses
I'm 5'8 128lbs and bought a size 2. i loved this dress, but didn't expect to have to go bra-less or wear a tube top under. the top lands much lower than i expected but the rest of the dress was lovely. i ordered a size 2	Dresses
I was on the fence about purchasing this dress for a while and finally took the plunge. glad i did because this dress is stunning and very comfortable. i ordered an xsp and it was the perfect length. originally, i had also considered xxsp. while it fit well above the waist, it was slightly too short. for reference, i'm 5 ft 3.5 inches, 105 pounds.	Dresses
This dress is wonderful. wide enough straps for a bra to be concealed, lovely pattern that draws the eye down instead of across, and a waistband that hits at the narrowest part of your midsection, making it look super-tiny. the design is simple but very clever--it's feminine, flattering, and slimming. my only quibble is that it's quite long (and i'm almost 5'7" in my stocking feet)...i will have to wear heels or have it hemmed. highly recommend.	Dresses
Another perfect maxi from retailer! the print is feminine and can be easily dressed up or dressed down. i ordered my normal size in maxis (medium) and the top fits nice and snug but not too tight. i am busty and the neckline is high enough that i don't feel like i am showing too much cleavage. it is a little long on me when i have flip flops on but with a little platform sandal it will be perfect.	Dresses
I'm 5'4", 32c and 125 lbs. i ordered the size 4p and while the color and fabric is pretty, the back and front bodice were much to low to wear a bra even if i were to shorten the straps. it was also very tight across my ribs. despite ordering a petite, the hem was much too long. i ended up returning it.	Dresses
Gorgeous dress with a slimming pattern and flattering waistband. i would say the bust cups are a little floppy on the medium petite and i have 36dds. like others, i wish the skirt was lined but it's not a deal breaker. tracy reese did a great job creating movement in the skirt and flounce without the bulk. i can wear a little heel but wearing flats makes the hem drag.	Dresses
The cut is wonderful and the fabric is soft and flowy. it is pretty sheer so a slip is recommended. i wish this dress had a lining like some other dresses i've gotten at retailer.	Dresses
As other reviewers have said, this is the perfect summer maxi dress! i'm tall, just under 6 feet, and while the dress could be just a bit longer it still works for my height. i do wish the skirt was lined, but other than that the dress is excellent. worth buying at full price if you're worried about it selling out!	Dresses
I can't get enough of this dress! this dress is everything. from the flattering fit, to the colors and pattern, to the design, and to the quality.. this dress really has it all. this is worth every penny and in my opinion, a great price for a versatile, high quality dress. the material is that super comfy, stretchy material which is perfect for everyday! it is a no brainer and easy to throw on. also, the neckline is flattering and sexy without showing "anything"! definitely can wear a normal bra	Dresses
This dress is so easy to wear! the neck line is not too low! can wear a regular bra!! it flows beautifully! i love it!!	Dresses
This dress is so much prettier in person - the pattern is unique, adorable and not over-powering. i'm an xxs petite and i can wear the dress with flats. (5ft) i think this is versatile enough to wear to work, party or a casual wedding. the fit is perfect - hugs at the correct spots. the fabric feels really soft and silky and feels a bit heavy which allows it to drape nicely. overall - i love it.	Dresses
This is the perfect dress to take traveling. dress it up with heels or down with sandals. warm up and wear it with a short black sweater. a nice easy elegant dress. size small fit nicely, medium probably would have been fine too.	Dresses
Beautiful in every way. you can never go wrong with black and white. very lightweight since it's not a lined dress so it's perfect for our florida heat.	Dresses
This maxi is perfect! the neckline is sexy but not too sexy (yay for normal bra!), and the waistline is flattering. the skirt isn't very full, but the ruffle effect at the bottom gives it nice movement. it could easily be dressed up or dressed down. i can't imagine that this wouldn't be flattering on anyone. it fit totally true to size for me.	Dresses
This is a fantastic maxi -- it is very flattering, you can wear a normal bra with it (for me, very necessary) and the added ruffle makes it perfect. its a casual fabric but because of the contrast in fabric can be dressed up easily. i am 5 foot 1, 123, and curvy on top and ordered a small petite. in many antrho maxis i go down to an xs, but in this one the small felt the best -- more comfortable around the waist. will get tons of wear out of this -- have already taken it on a trip and wo	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress. the striped material was very nice and would go with so much plus the length was great. however, the buttons were a nightmare. the buttons are barely in the button holes and give very easily. the linen material is going to give even more with wear and the button holes are sure to loosen up even more. as i was trying the dress on and moving around two different buttons gave way on me. maybe the very slender will be able to wear this without buttons sliding out	Dresses
Gorgeous, but so big. i got eh pxs and it's like a mumu. i wiill return	Dresses
Tried this on in the store in a small (i'm a size 6 in most retailer dresses) and it was enormous. i'm short (5'2") so i knew i'd need a petite size. ordered a petite small and the length is better - still a lot of fabric, but i think a petite xs would be too small if you are curvier up top (i'm a full 34d and the petite small is just slightly tight in the bust). definitely size down in this or you'll be swimming in it!	Dresses
The fringe and fit were beautiful, but the lace with it (a little hard to see in the photo) seemed like an odd pairing -- just too much going on. returning . . . .	Knits
I saw this and was hoping to try it so i went to the closest retailer.. the design of this dress is fantastic but if you have curvy hips this is going to cause you problems. i am 32c-24-35... i have a definite curve between my waist and hips and it totally interfered with the line of the dress. i think if you are straighter between your waist and hips or you are long waisted then this lovely dress is for you. the waist line was simply too long. i needed the dress to flare out higher. the to	Dresses
Love this top!!! my summer "go to"! fits beautifully, cool & comfortable. the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars was that the back layer is a little thin--i hate that. just beef up the product, i'll spend the extra $$ to have a perfect shirt!	Knits
It's okay for a coverup or beach dress and lounging around the house. it's comfy and i like the detail of the back. the front is very plain but okay. it's not too baggy and it's a straight cut. the detail in the back makes it a keeper for me but only as a casual dress too chill at home or quick errands to grocery store.	Dresses
Beautiful bohemian maxi that feels like soft woven cotton/poly but it's unfortunately viscose. the print is as vibrant & detailed as expected from hemant & nandita. color contrast not as bright irl. body of dress flares out to an a-line after the arm holes and the hem is a shark bite to show off your footwear. there is no lining, but it doesn't seem see through. very relaxed fit that feels tts but if you prefer a slimmer cut and are of slender body habitus, size down. otherwise, if you are busty	Dresses
Like another reviewer, i really wanted to love this dress. everything about this screamed perfection: the length, the cut, the stripes, but the fit was really off for me. i'm 5"10" and am usually between a size 8 and 10. i tried the 8 and the body fit well but the chest and straps were entirely too large (i'm a 34d). so i tried the size 6 and chest and straps fit but the body pulled at the buttons. normally, i'm all for tailoring to fit, but chest would have needed to be reconstructed which isn'	Dresses
I'm so glad i tried this dress on to see how lovely it is. definitely a keeper!	Dresses
Got tons of complements and can work for many seasons, just throw a cardigan for fall -runs a little bit and would like if it was touch longer but overall very happy with this find!	Dresses
The dress runs big you should size down. i find the weight to be great for mild winter weather. the length was longer than i expected based on previous reviews.	Dresses
This is a pretty tunic/dress that looks and fits exactly as shown. i imagine that it would be quite long on anyone under 5'5" or so, since it falls maybe 2 inches above the knee on me at 5'7". it's cute, and an easy throw on and go piece. the quality is even good. i decided to return it though because it felt a little plain for the price...maybe if it were more exciting colors or patterns? a slightly more fitted cut? i couldn't place my finger on the exact thing that wasn't clicking for me, but	Dresses
I don't usually spend this much on a top but despite the high price, i really love the style. i like that it's made out of cotton and it can be worn down on the shoulders or left up. looks cute both ways. i ordered the xs which is usually my size. it fits perfectly. i imagine the s would have fit also. it hits just at the hips. i have a long torso so i would have liked it a bit longer, but it's not a deal breaker. my one splurge this summer.for reference 123 lbs, 5'5', 32 d.	Knits
I love the asymmetrical style of this dress - so unique. also the cotton blend is appreciated in a sea of polyester. the body of the dress hangs nicely and is flattering to the figure. but it didn't quite work for me due to the sleeves- they are narrow and not stretchy enough to be comfortable. sizing up may have helped, but because i am also short (5'1"), the sleeves were also too long for me. i wish it came in petite length. if so, i could probably just go up a size to make the sleeves more co	Dresses
First of all, i am only 5'1", so this adorable tunic does fit me like a dress. i am also pear shaped, and this dress is flattering to my shape. but my biggest issue, it that the dress came in very wrinkled, especially the ruffles.i took the dress to my retailer store, and they were able to steam some of the wrinkles out, but not all of them. it seems that the fabric used for the ruffles is suppose to be a little crinkly. but it will most likely look worse after you sit. therefore, i am uncertain	Dresses
This dress is extremely comfortable and flattering. it has a forgiving a line shape to it for women like me who are pear shaped. the top of the dress is made of a heavy type of cotton material and the bottom tiers are made of a silky material that hangs beautifully! even the tie closure in the back of the dress adds a lovely touch to the dress. i would recommend wearing it with leggings ( as shown with the model) or black tights. the fit is true to size. i am 5'6" and the length is a liittle low	Dresses
Love this dress so much, i bought the checkered, and then had to go back for the black! it is so worth the price. i wear it with sandals in the warm weather, and a blazer with boots in the cooler weather. it is beautiful and so flattering.	Dresses
Quality of this dress is excellent! i ordered it in blue and the color looks exactly as it does online and the fit is exactly as it looks on the model. i am 5'4" , 120 lbs, with an athletic build and ordered a small.	Dresses
So beautiful! i got the xs and it fits tts! it goes with everything! perfect weekend addition!	Knits
This top turned out to be better than expected! i'm a large girl and the length is enough to cover my hips and the shirt it not tight at all. the embroidery details are lovely too. i bought this for a trip to italy this summer because it is cotton and because i consider it to be a classic piece being that it is black and white. one nice feature is this top does not have to be worn off shoulder. it looks just great with the sleeves up.	Knits
I am on the fence about this dress. the fabric is gorgeous and soft. however, i was hoping the fit was more slouchy like pictures on the model. it was much shorter on me that pictured (for reference i am 5'7) and the turtle neck part of the dress is kind of high and tight. i wanted to love this so much, but it is a touch off from what i was hoping it was going to be.	Dresses
Good job retailer for getting the color representation spot on! the blue is so vibrant and the cashmere knit is so soft and comfortable. the dress is oversized but a little too much so. i recommend sizing down to get that ideal slouchy drape, otherwise you may overwhelm your frame with too much fabric.	Dresses
This top is so darling, the different textures are so elegant that you really don't even need to accessorize. it has a very flattering cut and a must for any figure.	Knits
A mango beauty that resonates the color of blossoms in bloom. comfortable, effortless, and charming. i wear a size small in retailer dresses and this one fit true to size for me. tried the xs since reviews mentioned it ran large, but too tight across my average chest. looks great with denim jacket and red suede strappy sandals. also worn with a belt to accentuate waist.	Dresses
Beautiful dress, can be dressed up or down. runs just a bit large, but if i had sized down it would have been too tight in the bust (38d). i normally wear a medium and the medium was perfect in the chest. the color is absolutely gorgeous and i love the length - i don't like dresses that show my knees. my only complaint is that a dress that is this expensive even on sale should have better quality control. mine made it to me without a button at the the back. not a huge deal, but it won't be easy	Dresses
There's no doubt that this tee is sheer. i found that a nude bra is sufficient in overcoming the issue. the fit is true to size, with just enough room for drape without being too oversized. the beachy theme will be perfect come warm weather!	Knits
Fyi to help with sizing i am 5'7" weigh 134 lb and like things loose fitting but the medium was too big and sack like. dress is cute and the color is true to photo.	Dresses
This will be a 3 season dress for me.. its well made, comfy and flattering . the suede skirt is risky i know .. but i'll be sure to put the napkin in my lap!	Dresses
I ordered a size xl in the mango. the fit on me matches the model for the most part so i think it's true-to-size. it looks like it's intended to have a loose, flowier fit throughout the dress. the only confusing part to me is the model is listed as being 5' 9" and i'm under 5' 6" yet the length is the same. it fits me at knee-length too. i thought it would hit a little longer based on the model's info for the photos and getting the regular sizing. the one thing i wish was different is to have it	Dresses
I so wanted to love this dress! the color and fabrics are beautiful and scream summer! i was so disappointed by the fit through. the different fabrics are such a cool concept but it wasn't executed that well. one material is pleated like an accordion so wants to "constrict", the next material is crocheted so is a little more stiff and the third material is pretty average. on the bottom where it's flowy it doesn't make that much of a difference, but on top and in the middle it gives this weird "i	Dresses
I get a lot of compliments on this dress, it's bright and cheerful for sure! it runs maybe a bit large but is a great summer dress!	Dresses
I ordered the petite in my size, since i'm well petite, but curvy. i recommend this dress if you don't have a lot of boobage. unfortunately, for me the waist line came up high an inch below my bra line and made the dress poof out at my hips in an unflattering way. its so pretty and i was really excited about ordering it. it fits, but just is not flattering because of my boobs. this is always my problem though with dresses.	Dresses
Love this dress!! the vibrant color and lace details are just beautiful. can be dressed up or down. the only concern i have is that the straps are thin and delicate, but i'll just have to be careful when hanging it up.	Dresses
This yellow/mango color is so beautiful in person. i actually don't have the best skin tone for shades of yellow, but i couldn't resist trying this one on & it turned out to be perfect! the silhouette is very feminine, especially around the neckline & shoulders. there is a lot of fabric, but i actually appreciate that the dress is substantive. finally, the nicest thing is that the dress can easily be dressed up or dressed down depending on how you accessorize it. looking forward to summer!	Dresses
I drooled over this dress online, so couldn't pass up trying it on at my local retailer store. while i loved the unique color in person, & the drape of the skirt (good quality, fully lines), i was so disappointed with the top of this dress! it's very tight, ill-fitting, & just plain...weird. i can't imagine the fit of the top being flattering on anyone, regardless of chest size. it's a shame, because otherwise, the dress is adorable!	Dresses
This dress is cuter is person than online, but it has one huge issue - there is a teeny tiny button at the neck that is held on by a thread and requires fingers the size of a two year old to get open. it fell off the minute i tried to undo it. i can't believe these other reviewers didn't have the same problem. or, maybe they put a snap there instead. too bad.	Dresses
Comfortable but if you put in the dryer, even on low it will shrink a little so beware	Knits
This is a unique color, and a lovely dress. i have the yellow, and i didn't find that it ran large. it definitely has a loose, flowing fit, and you can wear with or without a belt for different looks. the pleated fabric near the waist does fit differently than the other fabrics, but i don't think it looks odd. you have several pictures of people wearing them, and you can see that it looks amazing on everyone!	Dresses
Great dress that can be dressed up for work day or even dressed down for a nice weekend day.i have it in black but thinking of buying in the yellow/orange color too.	Dresses
I love the color of this dress. it is not flattering, even though it should be. the weird panels of different materials makes it hang super funky. the lace is heavy but the silky panels aren't. so not flattering, it's just odd. and the fit is super huge, you are swimming in it in addition to a poor body drape. it could have been so cute, but was executed so poorly.	Dresses
Beautiful and classy- i love this! i'm 5'8"/125lbs/34b and my usual xs works great (could probably also have worn a s). i was a little worried it'd be scratchy and/or too structured, but it's soft and flattering. photos are accurate. would definitely recommend!	Knits
This dress is really beautiful, cheerful, the color lovely, the fabric soft and beautiful. i wish it had worked with my body because i really liked the style, fabric, and color. i am 5' 5" with long legs and a shorter upper body, so i needed to buy this dress in a petite size, but they were sold out of petite smalls and mediums. so i tried the small in a regular size. the armscye (depth of arm hole) is so low that my breast was completely revealed! i thought about shortening the straps entirely	Dresses
I'll admit that i often believe you pay for the design aesthetics at retailer, but not necessarily the quality. however, this dress happily has both! the fabrication and lacework on this dress are beautifully made and the price tag fits. i do think the sizing is off; i'm 5'5", 137, 34b and the medium (my usual size) was huge, small was still gaping under the arms, and xs fit perfectly. i haven't worn an xs in anything since middle school, ha! the banding at the bust does make it tight, so i can we	Dresses
I recently purchased this dress in the yellow, which is not advertised online, but glad i saw at the store because the color is vibrant but not too loud and really compliments my olive skin. the dress ran a little on the larger side so i had to size down. also, you will have to either wear a strapless bra or go without because you cant hide bra straps as this is more of a halter look. i'm 5'9" and the length was perfect for me, will be able to wear with heels or flats.	Dresses
I wanted this dress in yellow from the moment i first saw it on instagram. i waited for it to be available online and once it was i ordered it. i am usually a size medium but sized down to a small petitie (5'5") -- and the fit is off. i am a 34b so its too roomy in the chest. because i love everything else about this dress i am going to re-order in an xs petite but that will be two sizes down for me. not sure if it will fit. length was good. looks great with a dark denim jacket . the dress is li	Dresses
This is such a pretty dress. it will look beautiful in the summer with a tan and lace up sandals for a very effortless look. fits very fitted in the top and loose throughout yet still slimming. i am petite 5'2 about 105 pounds and for reference i went with the xxsp. it looks expensive and well made and the yellow color is stunning and cheery. the yellow will look beautiful on darker skin tones as well as lighter skin tones who have a warm undertone. if you are on the fence order it and you won't	Dresses
I'm 5'4 with an hourglass shape. i love this dress. it drapes nicely, the material won't be hot for summer and the color is perfect for my olive complexion.	Dresses
I love this shirt. the quality is great, and very soft. the length seems a bit short, i will only wear it tucked in to a higher waisted skirt. the arm holes are tight.	Knits
I took everyone's advice and purchased a size small instead if medium. i wish i had gotten my usual size as the neckline and bodice is very tight. i'm top heavy with a wide rib cage and 36dd's.  other than that, the skirt of this mango hued beauty is large loose and flowing which i can see why people suggest sizing down. i think my fit problem would be solved if petite was available.	Dresses
Love the dress, a little cheaply made but overall, it fits nice and will be great next fall. it will show tummy shape so if you do not have a flat tummy, this may not be the dress for you.	Dresses
I have a gala to go to wear i am a board member. i had been eyeing this dress online and tried it in store! lurve! i got the black one which is a black lace over a sheer cotton nude, i also got the regular when i am petite as it hit longer for a black tie event. i have a large bust at 5'2" size d, but small and short torso and the large just hugged the girls just right. i love the it can be worn fancy with block heels to a gala or wit ha jean jacket or espradilles for a casual summer night. this	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous on the hanger and even more gorgeous on. definitely runs big though, so sizing down is probably best.	Dresses
This dress is really cute, but it runs quite large. order a size smaller! i got a lot of compliments on it at the party i wore it to. it can be dressed up or can be casual with a pair of sandles.	Dresses
Retailer has great designs but sometimes they use cheap fabrics and are not quality made. this top is quality made and super soft. its a little thicker than a normal cotton t-shirt but thinner than a sweatshirt. i normally wear medium (34dd, 135-140 lbs, 5'4") and this was tts. i got the blue and its a little bit darker in person. one big plus imo is that you can put it in washer and dryer, no need to line dry! i am going to buy the natural colored stripes one too. also, i bought the normal size.	Knits
Quality is excellent. i agree with another reviewer that the top runs large. i am usually a medium, but i was swimming in it. i live in alaska and would not know how to return it so i am just keeping it and wearing it on those cool lazy days. i'm sure it would still look classy because of the design.	Knits
This is a top-flight notch: an attractive design, nicely made. for me, the fabric is rather heavy for summer wear, but that won't prevent me from keeping it for cooler days. my one complaint is the sizing. i weigh a bottom-heavy 146 lbs. and hoped i'd get away with a medium. but it swims on me...not "a bit too large," but "way too large." i'm returning it and hoping that a small will be small enough.	Knits
Love the design of the fabric. i actually bought these in both colors. i gave only 1 star due stitching on the fabric, it's very scratchy.	Knits
Beautiful dress! it looks fresh, feminine and the quality of the fabric is very nice.	Dresses
I bought this in my usual size small (i'm a 4-6, 27" waist, 32b), and it fits perfectly. it's a little loose and boxy but still structured and cute (it fits me like the model). i don't find it itchy at all, and the embroidery is just gorgeous. this is perfect for transitioning from summer to fall!	Knits
Picked this up end of season sale, but i go to florida a lot so i will still be able to use it. it runs a bit large. i'm usually between a s and m at retailer and i'm a bit heavy right now but the small fit loose and comfortably. i would recommend sizing down if you are between sizes. not itchy but i would wear a cami underneath because it is white and could start to itch after a while i suppose. it's definitely not a soft flowy t. mix of t-shirt material and linen. the main part of the t is cotto	Knits
I have wanted this dress since i first tried it on in april. finally got it as a birthday gift and after looking at it closely there was makeup on the collar. i checked the instructions and it says "cold water wash". so i washed only the collar part by hand and every part that got water on it bled!!! looks like the popsicles are melting! i'm so sad because this dress is adorable! i'm buying another in hopes retailer will make this right by taking back the first one. should be dry clean only!	Dresses
Wanted to buy this dress, but the bust area was way too small. as i went up sizes, the torso began to be too long, and i would have to have it altered, i guess. what a shame.but, if you are small chested, then this is your dress.	Dresses
Such a beautiful and unique design - i only wish it fit! it is so, so boxy - i'm thin, but would have needed almost a foot of fabric removed in order to make it look right (and i don't mean making it super tight). the seaming and button details on the back are such that it would be tough to have a tailor refit it appropriately. so, i had to return this, despite really wanting to find a way to make it work.	Knits
This dress is very cute and well made. unfortunately it was too short waisted for me and runs small in the bust. the arm holes were too big yet the bust small, very weird fit on me. i am six feet tall with 38c bust, maybe if you are shorter with smaller chest this dress will work for you. it has a thin lining and is not see through even though it is white fabric. i love the dress it just wasn't made for my tall figure.	Dresses
Echoing others' remarks, this top runs large/wide (wise to size down). the embroidery is beautiful and for the volume of work, this arrived with minimal to no loose threads. however, i was bit disappointed by the mixed cotton textures - most of the top is a knit, tshirt like textures, while the bottom hem (with the horizontal stripe embroidery) is a stiffer, thinner woven cotton that i had thought would be the material for the whole shirt. the mixtures of textures and predominant knit textile ma	Knits
I was so excited to get this classic-looking retailer dress- i love the ladylike shape and whimsical print. the popsicle print on this dress is really, truly adorable. unfortunately, the dress is cut really weird and it made me feel like screaming: i bought a size two and it was snug and gaping at the chest (and i'm only a 32b, ladies, so be warned!) at the same time, the arm holes were huge, i mean massively big. i think if you have a swimmer's body this might work. otherwise, you'll for sure nee	Dresses
This top is cute, but i found issues with both the fit and the quality. i tried on an xs, but found it to be boxy on my petite frame (5'2", 110 lbs, 34a). even worse, though, was the feel of this shirt. it's not lined, so you can feel every bit of the beautiful stitching on your skin. it was so itchy, and i only wore it for a minute in the fitting room. it's a pretty shirt, but not worth actually wearing.	Knits
Well made dress. cute pleats - though a few didn't lie perfectly flat. it was a little too long for me (i'm 5'1) especially in the torso/straps area. also the armholes were a little large. fits tts	Dresses
This shirt totally exceeded my expectations -- the detail and colors are wonderful, and the shirt itself is quite comfortable. the shirt is a bit boxy, but there is enough structure and detail so that it looks quite flattering on. plus, it looks great with jeans or with a skirt -- it is very easy to style!	Knits
I have had this dress in the shopping basket on my retailer app and was dying to try it on in the store. luckily, newbury street in boston had it so i stopped by yesterday. the dress is everything i hoped and even better! the cut could not be more flattering. to get the nice, classic fit in the front, i stayed true to my usual size (4) but worried the buttons would be straining like another reviewer said. as soon as the bow in the front is tied, it keeps everything together and is very comf	Dresses
I love this dress. it is super cute and comfy. i am 5'7 and a size small, 4 and 36c and i got this dress in a 4 and it fits great. a 2 might be a little more fitted on my waist but the 4 is comfortable and looks great. the length is perfect, not too short at all.	Dresses
I love the look of this dress on model but sadly, fit didn't work out. very short waisted and tight across chest with very ample arm holes. i'm 5'8", 155, 34c, reliably a size 10. this dress seemed at least 2 sizes off for me. my daughter, usually a size 2, could wear it except for the arm hole size (and the fact that it's 158 dollars and she's 13....going back.) btw, "novelty print" means "ice cream novelty", little popsicles with bites taken out - cute but more juvenile than i expected.	Dresses
I really love this shirt for its versatility. it looks casual with jeans and dressy with a skirt, or even jeans and heels. the shirt itself is super soft. it's boxier than it looks in the picture, but not to the point of crop-top. the shirt still hits at my hips.	Knits
I love the idea of this shirt-- the embroidered pattern is fun and summery! the fit of the shirt is a little strange. i saw that in other reviews, but i had to see for myself. it is rather boxy. i think i may keep it, though. i will look cute with super fitted skinny jeans to balance out the boxiness of the top.	Knits
This shirt is super cute and stylish, but too wide for my liking.	Knits
This top is cute, light and summery. ordered a small...is a little short/boxy but otherwise fits true to size. great summer/warm weather top!	Knits
I love this top because it is light weight (a must in southern heat). i have a shorter torso so the length didn't bother me but someone with a longer torso may find this top too short.	Knits
Just too much cuteness! the print is amazing, the bow is darling, and the crisp structure keeps it from being too precious. looks amazing on my hourglass shape! runs a bit small--had to size up a bit and felt more comfortable once i put a piece of fashion tape in a spot that gapped a little. definitely worth the splurge!	Dresses
Great with a tank top underneath and jeans. i also wore with a delicate gold necklace. charming!	Knits
I have this shirt in more than one color! i totally disagree with the first review i find this shirt to be super comfy and unique! i personally feel the material isn't scratchy at all! also, i love this designer they are one of my new favorites!	Knits
The stitched pattern on this shirt is so pretty! it fits loosely and looks good with a slimmer bottom. it is a little bit itchy but i didn't feel i needed to wear something underneath.	Knits
I love this top. it was cool on a summers day. i did get one of the strings of the design snagged but it worked out just fine, not ruined at all.	Knits
Several reviews have stated this dress is embroidered with a popsicles. it is not embroidered, but an attractive popsicle print. i usually wear a 2p and after reading review ordered an 8p. a bit roomy in waist, but with tie at waist it works. length great, but arm holes large. will have altered as this fit/flare shirtwaist dress is so flattering.	Dresses
I love all whimsical prints and shirtdresses and wanted so badly for this to work! i'm an athletic person with more of a pear shape so a-lines really work for me. i got my usual size 2 in this dress, and while i felt like the waist was true to size, the top gapped so badly (i'm a 32b) that i had to return the dress. a tailor probably could have done something to it, but i decided i did not want to mess with the extra expense. too bad, because the fabric is a lovely weight, the length was per	Dresses
I waited in anticipation for the turquoise version to appear online. turquoise and red can be found on another product page with the same name. size: i'm between small and xs for most retailer brands. i wanted this top to be a bit more fitted, so i ordered an xs. i'm 5' 5" tall, 135 lbs, 35-29-36, 34d, with long torso and narrow shoulders.fit: xs is spot on for me. i don't really mind the shorter length. it didn't appear to be too boxy. i layered a white shapewear tank underneath to help w	Knits
This is such a clean and cute printed dress and i knew that i had to try the dress when i first saw it online. after reading other reviews, i sized up. i am normally a 0 or 2 in retailer. i ordered the 2 and it fits nicely and looks great. however, i feel like the 2 buttons at the lowered rib cage area gape slightly. the tie covers it and holds it in place, unless i sit, then it gapes freely. i am a 32 a so not big chested at all, and yet this fit snug in the chest area. i would worry about	Dresses
I have this top with the red stitching and it is one of my most favorite items from retailer ever. i wear it with a tank top underneath so i haven't noticed any itchiness like the other reviewer mentioned. i wear it with slightly cropped slim boyfriend jeans and i get so many compliments every time i wear it.i wish i had it in the blue color too!	Knits
I really wanted to like this dress, but it just didn't suit me. i have others in a similar style, and they are a bit tight in the bust but not too much for me. the print is adorable - very quirky, but subtle. in the end, it's the bright white that doesn't work for me. it made me look incredibly pale.	Dresses
I started stalking this dress when i saw it on a store's instagram feed, and i was so thrilled to get it in the mail. however, i ordered it before reviews started popping up, and i was concerned it would not fit in the bust. however, when it arrived, the fit is perfect. it's not exactly loose in the bust, but there also isn't any pilling. the high-waisted nature was also suited to my shape. i'm usually between a 4 and a 6, and the 6 was great in this dress, and a perfectly joyful length--appropr	Dresses
When i first saw this too online i thought it was beautiful. i was right. when jt came in the mail, i really loved how the embroidery was intricate and detailed. the colors also popped making it a great shirt for spring, summer, or early fall.	Knits
Everybody else is correct. the dress is adorable but the fit is weird. i am usually a size 2 (134lb, 34 c) but got the 4 based on the reviews. the waist fits perfect, the top is huge, especially the armholes. if i get a size 2 then the waist will be too tight. however, the dress is so cute i am considering taking it for alterations and keeping it. definitely it has fit issues.	Dresses
I loved this dress so much, but it just didn't work. i'm not particularly busty (36b) but it just did not work for me. i sized up several sizes from what i usually wear and it still was tight on the bust and then just looser around the arms as i went up. such a beautiful dress though - great quality and really adorable fit for someone who is built for it!	Dresses
Just bought this at the store. just to be safe, i thought i would try it on before ordering just to confirm the size. that was a good idea. ( i am a 38b, 5'9", and have variable results with trying to order with the size charts.) the large looked nice but was slightly too large in the chest. when directly compared to the medium, it seems the major difference is the length-- the large was > 1" longer than the medium. i did not find either to be itchy and the construction seems totally ok.	Knits
I really like this shirt, and have gotten plenty of compliments the first time i've worn it.	Knits
As another reviewer pointed out, although the tag inside the dress says that you can machine wash in cold water, the color around the popsicles will bleed! this is extremely disappointing. i'm hoping it can either be fixed with dye remover, or that retailer will take this item back. would only dry clean this item.	Dresses
This dress is very cute and is made well. i bought up a size from what i usually where as one reviewer mentioned the dress is small in the bust. this is always a problem for me therefore i ordered a 14. i was surprised that the 14 was sung in the bust. and then understood why the 16 was sold out. i was 30/40 lbs heavier when i wore a 16..never would have thought i'd have to order up that high. i've been running a 10 or 12 depending on the level of my activity. i'm keeping the dress because i kn	Dresses
I was hesitant to buy but this tee is easy, light, and fun to wear. the fabric is light but not see through in the slightest. the construction is perfect. it is tts for an oversized tee.	Knits
This top is really cute, but the threads underneath the shirt scratch your torso. i suggest wearing a tank underneath to protect your skin.	Knits
As others mentioned, the arm holes are a bit large- but i didn't find this too much of a problem. possibly that's because as a smaller chested woman i run into that issue regularly. i'm 5' 4" 130 and the size 8 fit perfectly. the length is at the top of knee.	Dresses
The dress is precious and looks good on all body types. however, the bust is extremely tight. i had to go up a dress size just to fit in the chest area.	Dresses
Love this shirt! looks perfect with a pair of jeans! makes the outfit with out any effort!!!!	Knits
Like the previous reviewer, my size 10p gaped and strained the buttons at my chest (36dd wide rib cage 5'3" 140#). also the skirt flared out too high on my waist. i'm going to try a regular 10 with hope the torso will fit better. other than the fit on my particular body and the one distracting chest pocket, this shirt dress is very well made, very cute	Dresses
This top is beautiful in person, love the buttons in the back, fits a little boxy but i like that style	Knits
This is a true retailer dress, cute and quirky. kudos for the built-in liner (with scalloped hem, very pretty) and pockets. i like the colorful yet subtle embroidered ice cream sticks on the dress, and the white background makes the colors and details really pop (pun intended!). i echo the previous reviewers that the bust is very small. i usually wear size 4 regular in this brand (i?m 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips. i?m 5?2?, and the bottom hem falls right at the upper knees). but when i tried on size 6,	Dresses
I ordered my typical 6 petite and found that the buttons were pulling at the bust ( i'm 34 b) and at the waist. i'm returning and ordering a size 8 petite because i'm a sucker for a shirtdress and a cute novelty print. the quality is nice and the length was perfect for my short 4"11 frame, now only to wait for it to be shipped! oh how i wish petites were available in my local store!	Dresses
This is a fun and classic dress. the dress is well made, as others said, it doesn't have much "give". i am a 36c, 29", 39"- and the size 8 fit perfectly. i didn't experience any gapping between the buttons. it is a nice fun summer time dress! it is also very flattering!	Dresses
Great shirt, the material is lightweight without being see through. i didn't find the cut to be all that flattering, but it was a cute enough style and comfortable enough that i wanted to keep it. definitely see it becoming a staple in my closet.	Knits
I love this top. it's very comfortable looks great and the quality is very good. i've had many compliments on it.	Knits
This maeve dress caught my eye for its unique styling, and did not disappoint in person. v-neckline is deep, but not revealing. there is a nice hemstitch detail on the sleeve trim. the pattern is a good scale for a strong frame.what surprised me: 1.) the dress is actually black with light brown flowers. on my screen, it looked brown with bronze flowers. 2.) there are pockets in this unlined dress! they are placed on-seam, but feel weirdly awkward to access, almost as if they are set back. they	Dresses
This shirt is very comfortable. though it's casual, its uneven seams and asymmetry give it a littlemore edge and character. fit is slightly large. i'm 5'5'', 125 lbs and purchased the small. the arms are a little longer than i'd like and the overall fit is slightly too loose. however, it's not a significant enough problem for me to return the shirt.	Knits
I bought both black and white shirt. white is see through completely. black is ok. but the material is still too thin. i feel like it is going to tear after the first wash. not worth the money. i bought plenty of similar shirts from the same brand and this run is way too cheap.	Knits
I saw this dress in the store and was drawn to the pattern as an alternative to my normal lbd. it looked okay on the hanger, but when i tried it on...wow! so pretty and chic. it actually hangs a little lower in the front on me than on the model pictured which adds to the chicness and makes it a sophisticated take on a kimono. (my husband's words) i wore it out that evening to dinner and received several compliments. i did not have any issues with fit. i am a size 6 and purchased a size 6. it fit	Dresses
Too tight in strange ways. beautiful dress i was so excited to receive it, however it just did not fit.	Dresses
It's too hot here in ca to wear this yet but i can't wait for cooler weather. i tried it on with skinny jeans and it's darling. love how it's much shorter in front with the side splits and long back to cover the bum. perfect for leggings. nice slim, but not tight fit.	Knits
I bought this dress as a back-up for my bridal shower and loved it when it arrived. it does run large, so definitely size down. there isn't a lot of shape to the dress, but the quality is high, the color is really vibrant and it's a comfortable fit. i'm 5'5 and it fell to my knees. i paired it with black tights and booties and plan on wearing it the spring with wedges.	Dresses
I am a curvy girl with boobs! this dress was perfect. it hugged in all the right places and had room for my bust! i did go up a size...however, i normally have to do that anyway for the top to fit.this dress is funky, and i look forward to wearing it with tights and boots in the winter, very comfortable. it has pockets!!!	Dresses
Great dress for fall! runs slim through the hips and neckline is a little low.	Dresses
Love this little "throw on and feel comfortable all day" tee shirt	Knits
This was a disappointment because beautiful fabrics with interesting design are a rarity--and especially at this length! unfortunately, this is a mess in terms of proportions. if a size 2 can barely get it off, then there is a design flaw. sadly, the fit was so strange that it did not seem that simply sizing up would correct the flaws.	Dresses
I love that this tee is so soft and is not boring! when i originally took it out of the bag, my teenage daughter did not like it. then i tried it on and she was wowed! the longer length in the back makes it very interesting. i am looking forward to wearing this with jeans.	Knits
It is very sheer which is too bad because the design is super cute.	Knits
I bought this in black and i can already tell this is going to be a staple this fall and winter. the unusual hem and extra long sleeves are really flattering.	Knits
I love the weight of this shirt and the open scoop neck. really flattering ...i wear tanks under my shirts anyway but it is see through. the weight is nice even in heat, and i expect it to be so nice layering in the winter. the cut at the hem is great..... very flattering and does not seem to cling.i bought a white one, now i have repurchased another white (xs) and a black one. while i was vacillating, theblack xs sold out so i got a small and will cross my fingers that its not too big.	Knits
I really loved how this top looked and was really excited it to get it on sale. i was worried that it might be too small/tight (i ordered a m and would consider myself a m) but was relieved to find it fit just fine. i was extremely disappointed to find that it was too sheer to wear by itself and still showed my bra with a layering tank on underneath. it was also more like a crop top for length, which does not work with my mama belly.	Knits
What a disappointment and for the price, it's outrageous!	Knits
I absolutely love this top, i purchase this brand frequently because the designs are simple, yet unique and cool. i'm 5'7" 170 lb.s curvy/athletic and i got this in a medium, it fits perfectly and looks really great on! i love the asymmetric cut and raw hem... wish it came in more colors!	Knits
First of all, this dress is not cotton. it is 100% silk. it also not a pullover dress (it has a side zipper) and does not have an elastic waist like the description says. lastly, it is not by moulinette souers. i've really never seen a description so far off on one of the items pictured. nevertheless, it is a gorgeous dress. the silk is beautiful and can easily be worn for fall with a sweater or jacket. the waist is a little poofy and the chest is a bit snug. however, i was able to go down a siz	Dresses
This shirt fits great. it is a fun look. i wore it wear a pair of leggings and sneakers for a casual day look. it goes down to my knees in the back and the front is asymmetric. so cute. i think i will get a lot of use out of this going forward.	Knits
This shirt fits true to size. i love the cut of the shirt which adds some edge to a basic tee. i know i will wear this all the time throughout the fall and winter months. perfect to wear as is or layer with cardigans, jackets and scarves in cooler weather.	Knits
I love this designer and decided to give this one a try. i ordered size large in black. it's a nice weight knit but not too heavy. good for fall and winter. the color is an intense, saturated black that's really sharp looking. i thought it split up both sides, however, it's only split on one side and then angles across the back to the other side, which isn't split and is shorter. i carry weight in my midsection, and this flows a bit away from the body but not in a giant oversized way. i like t	Knits
Super cute. cotton is substantial enough not to show bra lines, but light enough to be summery & breezy. i misread "xs" and tried it on, thinking it was a medium, & oddly there's barely any difference among the xs, s, and m sizes--the buttons didn't even buckle out across my bust on the smaller sizes--so, this top could be a nice ego boost if you want to size down (i got the m anyway). armholes not too big, ruffle hides any tummy flaws. great with jeans, shorts, and skirts--like a perfect white	Knits
Loved the print on this dress, however the fit wasn't for me. i feel like it exaggerated my belly, and just overall i didn't feel great in it. the sleeves were also really big.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. it is somewhat fitted but i didn't find it to run small. i am top heavy 36d and usually wear a size 10, but i bought this in an 8 and it fits me great. i will say the zipper is a bit tricky. at first i thought the dress was too tight but it turned out the zipper was stuck. after fiddling with it, i realized the dress fit but the zipper was a bit tricky. i wore it to work and got so many compliments. also the picture makes the background look burgundy but it is mostly blac	Dresses
This top is really cute but shorter in length than expected. plus, it shrunk considerably!	Knits
I got this dress today. i was super excited and hoped to use it. it runs so, so small. i'm returning and ordering up.	Dresses
This white shirt is very thin esp in the front and see through - i would have to wear a cami underneath unless i wanted people to see the outline of my bra. it seems very flimsy and poor quality, even at the sale price. disappointed and will return...	Knits
Finally, a white top that does not show every nook and cranny. this is a great fabric. many times white shirts are see thru and i won't buy them. this top is lightweight but has enough substance to cover everything. the online picture does not do it justice.it can be worn with anything and is made very well. this one's a keeper for your closet and will be worn over and over all summer long.	Knits
What a dress! the print, the feel of the fabric, and the overall fit of this dress, it definitely has the wow factor! i plan on wearing this dress to the kentucky oaks this year. i typically wear a 6 and sometimes a 4 in retailer dresses. i'm 5'6'' 130 lbs 32dd and took a 6 in this. i could probably even try the 8. it fit a bit tight in the bodice for me but i'm not sure if it warranted a size up. it is pricey but i see this being a closet staple and one of my favorite maxi's yet.	Dresses
This fits great. it looks great with jeans or exercise pants. a little lighter weight than i hoped but looks great, hangs well on my body. i bought the white.	Knits
Love this dress. fits true to size!! can be dressed up or down. very flattering1 prettier in person	Dresses
I love the maeve line and was excited to get this dress. unfortunately, the fit was just bad. the top fit fine but the bottom half was too snug and there were unattractive gaps around the waist and the pockets. don't think another size or tailoring would address the issue. for size, i am 5'4", 130 and ordered the 6.	Dresses
Very flattering tee. nice details & quality.my first time purchasing this brand, but will look for similar items from them.	Knits
I can't rate this with enough stars or numbers! great fit, can't see up the sleeve, perfect length, just right amount of fabric for draping. i am 5'3" and 130lbs. fits like a dream and when i got it home from the store....it goes with all things in the closet!!! my one reservation is it only comes in one color. let's get on it designers! we need a lipstick red for summer and coral and navy and black and white. i don't need any other top! this one has great cool fabric and you don't need to wear	Knits
This top is really beautiful. the color is rich and the texture on the back is a unique touch. and i think it might have worked for me except that i could only find a m/l and it was just too big. i love drapey styles and think this top would have been just the right amount of drapey if i'd been able to snag a smaller size. but the m/l looked like a teal sack, so it's going back.	Knits
I'm wearing this shirt right now. i'm usually a large in tops. i bought a medium and i'm kinda wishing i got a small instead. it's very swingy. its super cute but size down at least one size maybe two	Knits
This is a perfect top for warm weather. and depending on the accessories you pair it with, it can be great to wear while running errands or for a casual date. the woven texture at the back is unique and gives it the retailer vibe we all know and love. definitely runs big but that's part of the charm of the top.	Knits
This was my absolute favorite top before it transferred dye onto the driver's seat in my car. >:-( there is nothing in the language of the care tag which advises to wash before wearing because of the possibility of dye transfer to other surfaces. the care instructions say that is is washable with like colors and, in fact, recommends dry cleaning. really? and dry cleaning will remove all of that excess dye? don't think so. after i discovered the dye transfer on my car seat, i washed the top in a	Knits
I picked this top hoping that it would go with the dipped horizon skirt and the color was a perfect match! i love the irregularities in the dye, and the woven back. the cut is boxy, but the fabric is soft and drapes well so very flattering. looks great with white jeans	Knits
I generally wear a small or medium in tops, and decided to get the medium/large. it's over-sized, but it lays very nicely and doesn't look "frumpy". the back of the shirt is exactly as it looks in the picture. the front of the shirt is more of a solid blue than is shown, but still lovely.	Knits
I just got this in xs/s at my store and i love it. i have a petite frame (5'3", +/- 105 lbs) so it's much longer on me than on the models. and the one i got is much more saturated with dye on the front than what's shown in retailer's pics, so that may vary a bit. however, the back of mine looks exactly like what's shown above. i love the drape and the way it falls on me; super casual-chic in my opinion. i'd say the color is deep teal. wish it wasn't hand wash, but sometimes that's worth it.	Knits
Comfy, casual, and stylish! i received many compliments on this shirt. it drapes across your body very nicely and does not cling. it has a great asymmetrical cut that is very flattering. the material is comfortable and the color is warm and summer-like.	Knits
I am a pretty curvy girl and thought the m/l was gigantic. i returned and was afraid to exchange for the smaller size thinking it would pbly be very large as well. it was not flattering because it was so boxy.	Knits
This top has too much fabric! i would of liked it more if they had a smaller size but the small seemed like a medium or large!	Knits
Love love love this shirt! great quality .. washes / dries wonderfully! it is loose and flowy .. it's supposed to be that way - but it lays nicely! it's longer than pictured which i love - i'm sure i'm shorter than the model but it's truly a perfect shirt! goes great with my jean skirt.. jeans, shorts and dressier skirts. if you get a chance to order .. don't hesitate! :)	Knits
Grabbed this top because i loved the color and to my surprise i loved the style too! it is longer on me than the model (and i'm 5'10") and it looks great with a long pendant necklace and white skinny jeans. i also wear a white tank underneath just in case, otherwise i think i'd be showing some skin. i like that the front and back are two different materials.	Knits
This tank is perfect for summer since it pairs so nicely with shorts! jeans work well, too, and during cooler seasons, i can wear a cardigan over it to stay warm.the fit of this top is not true to size, for it runs large, but is flattering on the body nonetheless. the stripes and miniature circular openings, i noticed, add beautiful detail for formal or informal events.as a whole, this shirt is perfect! the one aspect of this top that may need to be carefully attended to is the material	Knits
Wasn't sure about this but got the xs/s on sale. the style is very wide and is longer on me than pictured. somehow it works because it drapes nicely from my shoulders. should be comfy to wear in the summer. the two i received are a deep turquoise and will pair nicely with some of my favorite jewelry.	Knits
This tank is not very flattering. there is a lot of fabric, it's very boxy, & the holes kind of remind me of a high school basketball jersey. i even sized down and it's still just wide. i'm returning :(	Knits
I bought the m/l (5'4",130lb) and love the way it hangs and the length, and the fact that it can be worn over a lightweight top. the color and feel of the fabric are very nice.	Knits
Love this. the stripes are cute and simple, but even better is the texture of the fabric (do a close up on the photo if you can). it's a swing tank, so there is a lot of fabric, but styled the right way and this is dreamy :) i passed on it only because i like my tops much longer than usual and this one wasn't quite long enough for me. i tried true to size and had it been longer i would have went with it - but smaller ladies might want to down size a size or two :)	Knits
The length in the front is too short and the bottom flares a lot which is really unflattering. i love the top half of the shirt but the bottom half should be more form fitting.	Knits
What a great shirt. however, none of the ones i saw in store are colored like the picture. the front of them are all a deep blue color, no tie-dyed effect or whatever you're seeing on the online pics. the shirt runs large. i am an 8/10 38c and the smaller size was plenty big. i can't imagine how the larger size would have looked! i think this top will go with many things, including as a cover up over dresses.	Knits
It's nice material but the design makes you look like a pregnant lady	Knits
I got this shirt in a medium, my normal retailer size and while the short fit, the front is cropped! i am a fan of the tops that are shorter in the front and longer in the back, however this was just too short in the front. my belly button was exposed, and that wasn't the look displayed on the model. unfortunately this top is going back to the store.	Knits
I love this top. the color and the embroidery are beautiful and unique. i love the soft cotton arms and back. wish there were more colors.	Knits
I didn't expect the fit to be as cute, i am not sure i like how the model is wearing this top, but untucked, or more tucked both look more falttering on. the color is more vibrant in person, still light turquoise, but richer. i don't think i nbeed petite in this as it is blousy, but not oversized or boxy.	Knits
Bought this top for date night -- something a little special. it's that and also very comfortable. i have broad shoulders and this style accommodates. easy to dress up or down -- perfect!	Knits
I love this dress so much...what an excellent purchase! i wear this with white leggins and love the look. this dress has a sheath underneath the flower pattern that is form fitting, which i think is way sexy from the back. the front part of the dress is very flowy and moves nicely. i love the high neck on this piece and the beautiful colors. a wonderful pick up from retailer.	Dresses
This shirt is more stunning in person. the color is a brighter turquoise than shown & the details are beautiful. fits true to size & is very flattering/slimming. love it!	Knits
The dress i received has a blue lining under the patterned chiffon, unlike the white lining that is pictured. the back of the dress is more open than it appears in the pictures so the blue lining and the large exposed zipper is a significant portion of the dress design. also, the arm holes are cut short which makes the dress feel awkward on. the quality of the dress is very high.	Dresses
I have quite a few of these tiny henleys because they are unique and comfortable. the color and details of this one are beautiful. if you are a fan of these too, you won't be disappointed with this one.	Knits
This too is easy to wear, skins the body nicely & the color is very pretty. some of the retailer tops have issues for me because i find the necklines too low. not this one. the placket lays flat & doesn't expose excessive cleavage. the details on the blouse are pretty & subtle. the top washed well in the delicate cute. just hang it to dry and it looks great!	Knits
Bought this for my daughter in law's birthday. it's just a beautiful, feminine design, well made, nice fabric.. she can wear this for work or for lunch or an evening out. very versatile.	Knits
This is a pretty blouse but everything else you wear with it needs to be sharp because it can be dowdy otherwise.	Knits
I bought this dress in black and i think it will be a great piece to transition with but definitely great during summer. doesn't come down too low on me which is sometimes an issue. the arm holes seem to be on the larger side. i'm 5'3 so it is not this short on me. i'm really happy with this purchase. plus it has pockets!	Dresses
I took this too to the register thinking it was marked down to same price as another tee by the same brand. it wasn't so i ended up paying way too much for a thin tee. will probably return.	Knits
This is a lovely dress looks very expensive, nice fabric and detail. i'm 6ft tall 160lb. i normally order a l/10 but got an m color black because other sizes were sold out. length wise the dress is a little shorter than it looks on the model, but then again i'm pretty tall. you can't really tell on the online photo but this dress has a white undergarment, which makes it great because of the see through detail on the fabric. size wise, i felt like even with an m the dress is oversized. it sits we	Dresses
This is probably the softest, most flattering hoodie that i have ever worn. i can dress it up or down and it has drapes really beautifully. great for spring & summer, love it as a coverall at the beach. my partner rarely compliments my clothes and actually told me how much he liked the way it looked on me. highly recommend.	Knits
I love this dress! high quality dress in a classic style. the cotton eyelet detailing is my favorite part and really elevates this from just another black dress. it is a swing silhouette (as described in the product description) so there is a little more volume than a regular dress, but that's what makes it fun and breezy! great dress, can't wait to wear it when it gets a little warmer.	Dresses
I know this is supposed to be a loose, flowy fit which is exactly the style i love. however, this is beyond tent-like. i'm 40 weeks pregnant and i can probably fit two of me in my normal size small. fabric is very thin and pattern looks like drab wallpaper. huge bummer, especially after seeing a few 5-stars.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store and loved everything about it. they had an extra large, i usually wear a large, and i thought it would perfect with some leggings. i tried to get the dress over my chest but no chance. my sister who wears a medium tried to put it in too and she couldn't fit it past her chest either. we flipped it inside out and couldn't find a zipper. maybe the dress in the store was mislabeled but the bust ran very small. it's too bad, it looked adorable and i was so excited to try	Dresses
Just picked this up at the store 40% off sale price, well worth it! the petite hits perfect on my 5'3" frame, right about where it hits the model in the pic. very well made good quality piece i can see myself wearing quite often.	Dresses
This dress is a zillion times cuter in real life. it's very retro-swingy and girlish- it reminds me of something mia farrow would've worn in her rosemary's baby era. i have the black version and i've paired mine with tall black gladiator sandals for a more sultry nighttime look and also flip flops for beachy summer days. i think it's a total steal at the sale price.	Dresses
First off, the dress quality is great, the fabric is very nice, the color is great. i am 5'4", 150 lbs. the dress looked like a parachute on me, very unattractive, because the fabric is pretty stiff. i quite honestly looked pregnant.	Dresses
I got this top in green and i'm overall happy with it. i agree with the other reviewers that the material is thin and the quality not top notch and it certainly is overpriced for what it is (especially with the shipping fee). however the style is really cute, love the lace up in the back and if flows nicely without billowing as is the case with so many retailer swing tops lately.i didn't find it to be so see through that it would need a cami (at least not the green color) and a nude strapless br	Knits
I love this tank. i didn't find it to be see through at all. it runs true to size. it's super comfy and the lace up detail makes it more fun than a plain old tank top. it's a great basic and i love the lilac color.	Knits
Great fabric and color but fits like a potato sack -- so sad bc i would have loved it	Dresses
I ordered this in the mauve and it's a really pretty lilac color. unfortunately, the fabric is very thin and you can see your bra right through it. my usual size fit great in the shoulders and bust area, but goes downhill from there. the top is cut wide under the armpits and just hangs funny in front. based on the model picture, i thought this would be a little more form fitting in the front. it's also very long. completely covers my butt in the back and then some. could of been a beautiful tank	Knits
This is a cute top, but not worth the price in my opinion. i love the colors, pattern and soft material used. however, the fabric is quite thin and just not worth paying $58.	Knits
Out of stock so quickly in my size. please restock!	Dresses
The dress is extremely high quality! i purchased the dress in black. the white collared shirt that the model is wearing under the dress is not part of the dress. the dress overall is like a balloon. unless you're extremely tall and skinny this dress makes you look bigger! i ordered the small petite and am 125 lbs and 5'4. i really wanted to like this dress but unfortunately it's going back:( the petite hits 3 inches above the knee for reference.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this everything about this piece. especially after reading all of the great review i was so excited and looking forward to getting this dress. unfortunately it just did not work out. i ordered a large and it fit fine but the dress did not give me the faltering shape i had read about and was hoping for. it literally just hung on me and made me look wider. sadly i had to return this.	Dresses
This top has a nice design. i love the lace up back which makes it much more adjustable in shape. if you lace it lower it is more flattering to your waist. however the fabric quality is very poor on the white tank. it arrived with a small tear in the front hem area, which i could have easily fixed. it is very sheer; even with a nude bra, my bra was too visible for my comfort. plan on wearing a full camisole underneath, tank, or bralette you are fine with being on display.	Knits
I only tried on the ivory one, but it was so see-through, there was just no way. i can't speak for the other colors. seemed true to size, maybe a little large, but that's the style. very cute design, loved the back. too bad.	Knits
Even on sale sale...this tank is not worth the money. the design in the back is adorable & would expect it to be so much better quality but the fabric is flimsy(think old man white tanks that come in a pack) completely see through and lack of shape..i wanted to love this but definitely photographed significantly better than actuality!	Knits
I love this dress. it is loose fitting so be prepared for that. i ordered an xs. i believe the dress was intended to fit this way though and i do not think it looks too big on me. i typically wear a 0 or 00 in dresses. this would be a great dress to wear if you were planning on eating a big meal, ha. i can't wait to wear this dress in the summer and believe i will wear it often. it has more of a boho look to it. i do think it could be worn with heels though. i will probably wear it with flat gol	Dresses
I got the green one. as the other reviewers commented, yes, the fabric is thin. however, i wear it with a nude bra and a nude cami and i've had nothing but compliments!	Knits
I really like this shirt. i almost didn't order it based on the other reviews, but its cute and comfortable! i didn't get the white color, so that may be why mine is not see through. i just wear it with a bra and its good to go!	Knits
I loved this shirt online but when it came to my house i loved it even more. super comfy and really flattering! i love it!!! runs true to size!	Knits
I love this dress, and on sale it's a total steal. it's true to size, and beyond comfortable! i live in az so i can easily wear this year round. i got the black color and love it. i'm 5'4" and it hits a little above my knees. love the loose, feminine swing. i feel like skipping wearing this dress :)	Dresses
I ordered an xxs and it fit perfectly. i love the simple, yet girly look of this top. the bottom material is delicate and adds a feminine touch. it looks even better in person than in the pictures. the material is very soft and comfortable. looks great with jeans and flats or boots!	Knits
I loved this top. i paired it with he ag stevie short and jasper and jeera beaded sandals. look was super cute and casual. i love the fact you can adjust the fit in the back with the lace up detailing. flowly tank without the maternity look. i went with the lavender color and it looks great with my olive skin. i had no problem with sheerness when wearing a nude bra. for reference i am 5'6'' 132 lbs and went with the small.	Knits
I tried on this top in store & was a bit wishy washy on it at first. however i am so glad i bought it and have worn it 3x in a week (shh!). it is incredibly lightweight & breathable which is great for hot texas summers. i also love that it has interesting back detail. the other reviewers mentioned it was see through but i don't agree - i wear a nude bra with it and have no issues. it can be worn casually with shorts or dressed up with white denim & fancier accessories. either way it looks best w	Knits
This top is comfortable and yet with some stylish detail. the fabric is soft and the lilac color looks great. it hangs loose but with a nice drape. at the sale price it is not to be missed.	Knits
When i received this dress today i was really excited to try it on. it is a pretty dress. looked good in the pictures. however, when i examined it and proceeded to try it on, i was really disappointed. the quality is ok, but not expected for the price paid. and the cut is off. it is extremely small at the top. i am not big by any means( 32d,109lbs, 5'0"). the bottom part fit. sadly, not impressed. this one is going back :(	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. fabric is thin but the details are perfect.	Dresses
The photos do not do this gorgeous dress justice. the iridescent material makes it perfect for a fancy date night and i received complements from complete strangers. would also be great as a wedding guest or bridesmaid dress!	Dresses
I have loved this dress from the first time i saw it. but the price scared me away until a sale came to be that meant i could justify buying it. honestly it's worth it's original price, i'm just too much of a scrooge to pay it! the details are adorable. the length makes it very versatile. it seems well made and pretty weighty. fits nicely due to the elastic in the back; i got an 8.. i weigh 170, 5'8" with a small chest. most of the dresses i buy are just as much art as they are fashion and this	Dresses
I thought this dress was beautiful, but i felt it was a little young for me. i am 55 and was looking for something to wear to my niece's wedding. if i had been the mother of the bride, i would have kept it, but....	Dresses
The appliqu on this dress is well done. i would recommend it to anyone. the design is super flattering and feminine.	Dresses
I ordered the lavender version in xl. it fit me as shown on the model so i think it runs true to size. it is a little shorter than shown. it hits my waist & i'm 5 ft. 5 1/2 in. for reference. it fits close through the arms & body but with a comfortable, stretchy material. a tank underneath is needed. i love the draping. it's very flattering. the color is more of a gray than purple. i took the chance on it when it was on sale and it's now a favorite. great neckline for wearing necklaces too.	Knits
I loved the idea behind this shirt but it just hangs around the waist with tons of extra fabric. i suspect the model in the photo has the shirt pinned. totally unflattering making the chest look small and your midsection appear huge. maybe if you size down it would be better- xs was not available for me to try. also the lavender color is really washed out...	Knits
The design is loose and forgiving, and it is very comfortable. the fabric is soft and light weight, and i love how the sleeves are full cut so even those without stick arms can fit in them! it drapes beautifully and is quite lovely on. you can easily dress it up with jewelry or wear it over jeans for a great go-to top on the weekend. i also bought the purple version - it says it's mauve in the description, but it's really more of a pale lavender color. still very pretty, but i wish it was mauve!	Knits
Bought this top in black and i love it! fits true to size with arms a little snug but because of the stretch in the fabric it is fine. the top is very flattering and looked like the model. the front is shorter but very flattering! love it.	Knits
I ordered the large since the med wasn't available and it didn't complement my figure because it was too loose all over. i like the design detail with off-center buttons and the fabric is a nice quality.	Dresses
This runs way big, i'm a size 8, purchased the medium. it's just big with no shape.	Knits
I love this shirt so much i came back and bought it in black (i originally got the lavender color). it is super easy to wear and has a delicate quality to it (though i washed it on a regular cycle and it's holding up well!). as you can see from the photos, because of the wrap style, the middle of the front is shorter than the rest of the shirt. i've worn this top with regular rise jeans and haven't had a problem, though if you lift your arms, your belly may show. i purchased my usual size small	Knits
It's is an absolutely gorgeous dress, one of a kind . you must have it in your wardrobe . my seamstress needed to adjust it just a tiny bit but it's truly fits to size and is emphasizing the figure.	Dresses
This dress is awesome - i actually first saw it on lucy lui on elementary and thought it had to be from retailer. sure enough it was and it was on sale. i got the blue and would have gotten both if they had my size. i am usually a m and found this fit true to size. i always love a wrap dress and this with the buttons keeps it from spilling open - love it!	Dresses
Love the draping on this top - covers the stomach area, and looks great on curvy girls.i am between sizes, and ended up purchasing the m. fits well. i chose the mauve, which is more of a light gray/purple.	Knits
Classic retailer stunning dress! the embroidery is beautiful, with the beads and details. the blush color can be difficult with my pale complexion, but i didn't have trouble with this. i got a ton of compliments. it looks a bit flat on top on the model. i'm not very curvy, and it accentuates my curves nicely. it doesn't hang down quite so much as it looks in the picture, but has a more classic fit and flare shape, very flattering.	Dresses
I got the purple and its a lovely muted purple, almost lavender. nice quality, flattering. i recently had a baby so this is a nice shirt to hide my wobbly bits. i'd recommend to anyone (with or without wobbly bits).	Knits
In theory, this dress was perfect for me. the colors, the embroidery, the sheer top and keyhole back... so romantic! sigh. something about the fit just kept it from being a wow moment. i'm usually 10-12, the 12 was way too big, the 10 more fitted, but still it wasn't quite right. the sheer part dips quite low, and sizing down helped, but it could still be a lil dangerous. i kept feeling like it wasn't defining my waist enough and wanted a tighter waist and more full skirt. maybe i would have fel	Dresses
This dress is adorable! i plan on wearing it as maid of honor in my sister's wedding next year! i am in between a size 4 and 6, usually go with 6 because i'm a bit busty and have some hips. but since i got it after it was put on clearance, only a size 4 was available.it turned out to be a perfect fit, literally. i tried it on bra-less (if i had any sort of padded bra, then i would have trouble fitting in the top section), which worked out perfectly since the arm holes are a bit low ( i think it	Dresses
The dresss is much shorter than described. very see thru, though guess you can tell from picture. expected more for the price.	Dresses
I normally wear a 4, and that technically fit if i didn't plan to sit. i went a size up and it was still gorgeous but now i could breathe. it is incredibly sexy yet sophisticated, my husband is always asking why i need another dress and when he saw me in he fitting room his eyes lit up and he said you definitely need to get this dress. needless to say i'll wear it on our next date..	Dresses
I am five foot tall, about 103lb and got the petite zero - it fits perfectly and i love the flower pattern! great for weddings, parties or work.	Dresses
This dress is made of nice thick stretchy fabric. comfortable on, but fairly tight and body hugging. i liked the fabric, but it was the length that got me. i tired on a 6 - i'm 5'6" and this dress was just at that awkward length. made me look short and stunted. not a wow piece.	Dresses
I am 5'3' and 120 lbs for reference, and pear shaped and this dress in a 4 petite fit like a glove. granted, not a dress i would want to gain weight in, but fit perfectly. usually i am a 2 in retailer dresses but read other reviews and definitely made the right choice. it hits at a very flattering length even for someone as short as i am.	Dresses
I love this shirt! it is so different from most things i get but such a fun change. the colors are bright and fun! you totally do not have to be western to enjoy this shirt and it's fun for a good country dancing/party/concert too. my roommate has already asked to borrow it (as in she's wearing it at a concert as i type this!). it is incredibly comfortable! i got the xs and was kind of surprised it still felt a little big. but i kept the size to wear it half tucked or even kind of oversized. i w	Knits
I ordered this dress, and loved, loved it. beautiful, great fabric. the length was even perfect for me and i'm 5'4". i am usually a size 8, but ordered up to a 10 because i am a little woman with the exception of my chest. i have ordered dresses before from retailer where i had to order certain dresses a size larger and they worked. unfortunately this time, it wasn't to be. tried the dress on and it fit nicely until the side zipper got to my chest area. i would have ordered another size lar	Dresses
This dress is made well; the construction/sewing details give the dress a beautiful shape. it has a nice zipper at the back, and fabric feels light. pockets are a good size. skirt flows, but doesn't feel heavy. fit is comfortable. i typically wear somewhere between a size 4/6. i ordered a 4 and it fits just right. i'm 5"6 and it falls below my knee--length is nice. armholes are a bit lower than i thought, but not too low. it's a classic/modern look. it was sold out when i first wanted to buy it,	Dresses
I absolutely loved this dress when i first saw it. the fit was not quite what i expected. i usually sport a 0 or 2, but this dress wouldn't zip up all the way in a 2, so i return/exchanged it for a 4.	Dresses
Maeve really keeps me guessing on sizing...usually too big, but this one is too small in my normal 4, so i went with the 6 for comfortable movement while still maintaining the intentional fitted look. fabric is of beautiful quality, colors are true to the picture - just a gorgeous timeless dress that i imagine wearing to many special events, or with a denim jacket over it for work :)	Dresses
Love the print so much!! it is a bit boxy, but for the length i needed to size up to a s from my usual xs with my long torso at 5'7", 111lbs. i'm thinking that sizing up will also save me from any potential dryer accidents. but it doesn't really matter what size you get-just get it for the cute print scene!!	Knits
This is a great dress that i wear to work, but would also wear to a cocktail party or wedding. it rides up a tiny but, but is long enough that i feel completely comfortable. it is tiny up top so i'd recommend ordering up if you have any chest - i'm 5'4", 100lbs, bra size 32b and it was a two-person job to get the bodice zipped.	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress! i purchased it in my usual size 2 petite and it looks as though it was made for me. the combination of the placement of the pattern and the cut of the dress was quite figure flattering. the only tiny issues i had were that the dress fell to the middle of my kneecaps and may need a hem; in addition, the dress takes a bit of maneuvering to get into due to the side zipper and the close fit. despite these issues, i feel that it is definitely worth buying and i will be k	Dresses
I really like this shirt. i fell for it after seeing it paired with grey jeans, but when i searched the entire website i couldn't find it. then a couple of days later it appeared. i was super excited and i'm glad i ordered it. i was not disappointed. the shirt is soft and long enough to cover my waist area without riding up if i bent at the waist. the colors are very vibrant and its quite stylish. i ordered a medium and it fit perfectly.	Knits
This dress is really beautiful. i was looking for something to wear to a summer 6 o'clock wedding, and this dress will work perfectly. the fabric is smooth and has a tiny bit of sheen to it which makes it look a little nicer and more formal. however, you can easily dress it down. my only issue was the length. i'm 5'4 and this dress was way too long. definitely need to take off about 5 or 6 inches! i also had to size up. i could have tried the petite, but it fit so well everywhere except length,	Dresses
I've been moving toward a simple tee and jean wardrobe, and this is the perfect addition! it's so fun and different and so comfortable. i've been loving retailer's new tee's! it runs a little large but in a cute way.	Knits
I found that this dress ran very small. i am true 8, ordered a 10 and it was snug	Dresses
I'm 6 ft tall and usually wear a size 10/12, but had to size up to a 14 because this dress runs a bit small around the waist. it's a beautiful dress. it hit me right below the knee, so might be long on shorter gals. i received many compliments on this dress. the colors are beautiful. the main color of the dress is a dark navy. it looked black online. definitely buy this dress! it's a great work dress and you won't be sorry that you did.	Dresses
Love this dress! can be dressed down or up for dresser occasions. i did order a petite which i usually don't do but due to the length being so long but the petite is just right hitting a couple inches below the knee. i'm 5'4"	Dresses
Love this shirt and the print. i would wear it all the time if socially acceptable. i've only worn it once but have already gotten so many compliments. there are hints of neon in the coloring that can't really be seen in the pictures. i saw it in store and fell in love and then decided to splurge when i saw it online and couldn't think of life without it.	Knits
This is a cute t with colors that blend with so many things i already have in my closet.and, i love the western theme which isn't at all girly. usually i purchase v-neck items becausethey suit me best, but i couldn't pass up the idea of cactus and succulents. it will be a funshirt to wear.	Knits
I bought both of these tees and they are perfect under my new fringe denim cloth & stone shirt and dress ....had to have both! the gray tee is so cute has every color of all my pilcro chinos...what a bonus. looks too cute paired with the denim shirts and is a great fall transition. i dressed up the cowboy tee with a chunky green stone necklace. i bought the small and for reference am 5'3" and 32h bra size and have no pulling so they are tts and only slightly shaped which works perfect for us bus	Knits
The print is even better in person! true to size. flattering fit.	Knits
This is the dress that i have been waiting for all season. perfect color. the material is also "firm" without being heavy or thick (if you know what i mean). it lays flat and smooths out any bumps without being overly stiff. the v-neck is also not too deep and the sleeves are not too short. overall, a complete win. now go and make it in gray and navy blue please.	Dresses
Loved the print/pattern and the light grey.....i think it might have been better if reversed (it has a v in the back, and the front neckline was very intrusive and scratchy to me). i'm normally a small but got this in a medium and it was very short on me. wish it could have worked but returning it.	Knits
I love western motif so i had to try this t shirt. quality is great..material is high quality. also the length is long..perfect with jeans and jacket or sweater!	Knits
I absolutely love this dress! very well made, fits like a glove, and very flattering! the fabric is stretchy which makes the fit perfect and comfortable. i will be wearing this to a graduation and i'm sure i'll find many other occasions to wear this dress.	Dresses
I just couldn't resist the western scene and it doesn't disappoint. i ordered size large and although it's a bit long for me, it flows nicely over my hips. i had to try it on with several different bottoms and find it looks great with shorts and skinny or boyfriend jeans. just darling under a jean jacket and cardigan too. the fabric isn't thin or heavy. wasn't it goldilicks who said: it's just right! i love the uniqueness of the print that is just edgy and different enough to translate to great,	Knits
I have a countless number of maeve dresses, all size 6. bought an 8 after reading reviews and glad i did. fits perfectly for me one size up. only other issue is the cutout in the back. my bra shows unless i'm very careful.	Dresses
The lines on the dress are lovely. the material is a nice thick jersey, which can be body-hugging, but mostly on top. it falls beautifully and looks good with heels and flats and boots. i am xs or s depending on the dress, and i got the xs in this one.	Dresses
Just purchased this for a midsummer formal wedding. i am 5'6'' 125 lbs, ended up going with the size 2 for extra room, the 0 felt very snug thru the chest.	Dresses
Not sure i'm keeping this. i love it but it's short in the waist (i'm 5'7") and very tight in the top. i'm on the small side of a size 8 normally. a 6 sometimes, but the 8 in this is very tight. i do have broad shoulders but am thin at 126 pounds. so not sure if it's just me or if the dress is truly smallish. it is lovely and i want to keep it. will try it on again tomorrow and decide. if you are on the large end of any size, do size up.	Dresses
This dress is of great quality and design. the lines and the way the dress shapes your body are perfect throughout the entire dress. i am short and it is a little long on me; it is between my calf and my ankle, but the way it flatters in the bust and waist more than makes up for it. with the right shoes, it is a real winner! i think this dress would be flattering on every body type. highly recommend!	Dresses
I find that every year (or two at the most) i have to find a new favorite black dress or two (fading, etc.), and, this is definitely one of those dresses for this year (almost one to buy another, so i have one that looks good in a year or two)! the dress is all around flattering and comfortable... looks wonderful with high heels and flats, looks good at work and while out having fun! probably won't be able to count how many times i wear it this year!	Dresses
I love this shirt! the colors are more muted in the photos, so i was a little surprised to see how bright some of the colors were. still super cute! also has a looser fit--i'm a small across brands (5'7", 130, straight/slender build), so if you prefer a more true or tighter fit, size down. either way, get this!!!!	Knits
I really wanted this to work. the embroidery detail is very pretty. however, the inside of the sweatshirt is a bit scratchy from the embroidery so i would recommend wearing a cami or tank. the sweatshirt is also on the short size. the small hit the top of my jean waist. in the end, i decided to return it:(	Knits
So i fell in love with the print without even noticing that it had horses on it until after it arrived! i was sooo excited! but really the length and fit are the best part about this shirt. with my long torso things are generally too short on me. i'm a sucker for spending money on clothes but still i wish retailer could make cute tees for under 40 bucks:/ i say that, yet i'm not sending it back:)	Knits
This dress is so flattering, not the usual type of dress i go for, but decided on a whim to try and am glad so glad i did. the material has enough heft to give you a beautiful silhouette without being too clingy. you can dress up or down, if you don;t like showing too much cleavage you may want to put a tank underneath to give you a little coverage.	Dresses
Bought this in store yesterday, light fit and extremely comfortable! i'm 5'4 135 and have a long torso, so i ended up going with a large in this one because i like my shirts to hang loose. print is more vivid in person but nonetheless a great but!	Knits
Nice dress, you can wash it, i got black in med. i am 8-10 in tops and it is perfect, brand new is beautiful not sure how it will look after wash. great design. i wish it would be lighter material. material is very thick and heavy for a short sleeve dress. probably will stretch when you sit in car driving. i will be returning it for that reason, too heavy for summer .	Dresses
Ok you had me at the western scene. soft and comfortable. true to size. you can dress it up or down. just a great t shirt. recommend it! get it!!	Knits
Cute sweatshirt with fun print. i bought it using retailer discount, and probably would not have paid full price for it. embroidery is a nice touch. i ordered an xs, which fits fine, but the overall design of the shirt is a little short and boxy. i did not realize until it arrived that the back of the shirt is a v neck. it's not a deep v, but it feels a little odd at first.	Knits
Maybe i'm hanging out with my grandson too much because this appealed to the kid in me! looks great under a jean jacket and under a leather jacket - oh, and cool under a silk bomber jacket as well.	Knits
I saw this and the "giddy up" tees at the store, and it was so difficult to decide because they have their own uniqueness. unlike the giddy up tee, this tee has no embroidery, but saying it has just patterns is underestimating it. the pattern is a work of art, it has cowboys, ranch scenery, cacti, and the earthly colors are gorgeous for all seasons (especially for those who still have a leftover summer tan). the hem of the tee is a bit round which i thought is unique and versatile for tucking in	Knits
This is just as cute in person. i wear it with black jean shorts, boyfriend jeans, washed out jeans like the model, or khakis. the colors are great and so is the fit. love it.	Knits
I'm surprised this worked for so many people. for me, this dress fit terribly. however, the fabric was very thick and the dress felt very well made. i am 5'3" and about 117 with a really short torso, and this dress just showed every bump and lump i have. i think the bodice was just too long for me. the neckline was also too low. on someone taller, or maybe with a longer torso, i could see this dress being really lovely.	Dresses
This is a cute top but unfortunately when i washed it (delicate, cold water, line dry) it shrunk excessively in length. i'm very disappointed.	Knits
This top fit nicely and was tts, but the pattern was different than i expected. i thought it would be more of a desert scene and it turns out there are cowboys on it and it just didn't fit my style. if there were cowgirls on it i would have kept it.	Knits
Loved it as soon as i opened the box--it's a light-to-medium weight sweatshirt with the wonderfully vibrant flower front. i wasn't sure about the flowers online, but like 'em! the cuffs and hem are nicely made and the v-neck back is an unexpected addition. this will be great with a scarf or alone this fall. can't wait for the weather to cool down!	Knits
I have featured a picture below. i'm 5 feet 120 lbs. i ordered an xs petite. i'm pretty busty so i don't like a loose fitting top, so ordering a size down did the trick. it's super soft, one of a kind and the edging of the neckline is delicate looking and soft and therefore adds a feminine element. i'm enjoying wearing the top.	Knits
This shirt runs boxy, but the print is as cute as it looks online	Knits
Cozy. soft. comfortable. a perfect transitional top that bubbles over with personality..it's a unique fabric design that makes you feel like you're on vacation ..love it.	Knits
I love lace dresses and this one is no exception. great construction and color. i paired the dress with a plum colored blazer and i really was pleased at how well it all went together. i'm about 5'8" and 170 i'm normally an 8 or 10 at retailer, my 8 fits great and is not tight at all, so i'm thinking it may run a tad bit big.	Dresses
1.) if you look at the 4th photo of the grey shirt and zoom in you can get an accurate view of the back: this shirt is attached in not one, but two places in the back (in the photos of the black shirt it looks like it is only attached, or "knotted" in one place, and that is not the case). disappointing. ----------2.) unless you want to wear this as an off-the-shoulder shirt with a strapless bra size down. caveat: sizing down will become problematic though for those with large arms as the sle	Knits
I needed a pink dress for a local breast cancer awareness luncheon. this is a perfect fit for the occasion!	Dresses
This dress is as flattering as wrap dresses usually are. the x-small fits well (dress probably runs a tiny bit large as i go between a small and extra small), though i did move the tiny snap at the neckline down as it fastened too high for me. the dress did snag slightly in one spot but overall, it is really very flowing and lovely on, with unusual colors that look nice with late summer tan and gold earrings.	Dresses
Great, easy to wear wrap dress. rich colors are fabulous for fall. the contrasting knit back adds just the right touch to make the dress more interesting as compared to your typical paisley print dress. i ended up with a petite as the length seemed more flattering and the bust line fit better than the regular.	Dresses
I ordered the white in 0p (i wanted red, but was sold out and don't have a white one so thought why not). i really liked the fit, flirty, flattering, very nice (love the crossed straps in the back). as someone mentioned, the fabric is a bit heavy for summer, but since i spend a lot of time indoors in a cold environment, no biggie, i probably will have a seater on top of it too. the cut is flattering, chest area not too snug, and i can wear a strapless (more comfortable for me). 115 lbs, 26.5 in	Dresses
I had high hopes for this dress but my husband said i looked pregnant and that i was wearing a tablecloth- and he was right! i'm usually a size 10 so perhaps this would look good on a talk lanky person with a very long torso... but probably not. way too much fabric around the midsection. it's a shame because the fabric was really pretty, but too stiff a hand to drape well.	Dresses
I found this in-store when looking for a dressy, slightly boho dress for an upcoming wedding. i'm really happy with it -- the a-line cut disguises some recently gained extra pounds but it doesn't feel like i'm hiding in a muumuu because the shoulders and chest are relatively fitted. the flowy hemline offsets the short length (maybe 4-5" above the knee for me). the pink color is very light -- lighter than in the photos, i think -- but it will work nicely for the wedding. as the first reviewer sai	Dresses
Love this dress! it is so comfortable and can be worn as casual or dress up.	Dresses
Received this dress, the sleeves are very pretty, the drape was just what i was looking for, but the overall dress was not very flattering on me. i am a little busty on top so it pulled in a unflattering way. i would say that if you are tall and not on the busty side this could be an amazing dress on. this one had to go back	Dresses
I first spotted this on an retailer employee, she paired it with a peasant top & wore it open w/jeans & boots- so darn cute. love how this peice transitions from summer to fall. i'm 5'4" so i had to order the small petite which is perfect. note that this dress is very long! it's just a must have garment. the colors/ print are just beautiful.	Dresses
Saw this in the store in pink....very cool dress but i want black so i'm ordering it. the fabric was almost lace-like & it comes w a slip. it was sort of swingy, and designed to be a-line. loved it. the bell sleeves totally make it.	Dresses
This is a fun dress to have in your closet! i ordered the 4p, and it was just a little to short for my taste. had the regular 4 sent, and it was perfect! i wore it the very next night to a party... feels great and lots of fun with the bel sleeves!	Dresses
I am simply mad about this dress. i am smaller on top with larger hips. my bust is a mellow b but i could see this working on a or c cups also. this dress is extremely flattering for my body type and the bodice fits like it was made for me. it fits fine without a bra and just perfectly with a semi padded strapless. i got this dress to wear to a summer wedding. the texture and color are beautiful and i will pair with simple jewelry and nude heels. it's a great find and excellent quality. definite	Dresses
This dress is lovely. feels like a dream...so comfortable and the lining is silky soft. i feel it runs a little large (as maeve has been this spring/summer) as i ordered a p0 and p2...the p0 fit (i am 5'4" about 118#.) i ordered the white hoping to take it on a beach vacation. it was just a little too delicate for my needs...i have two younger children. it seemed to be easy to snag or to make a hole in the more delicate woven areas of the dress. otherwise i really liked this dress a lot. too bad	Dresses
This is a great maxi dress for people that want a classic fit but nothing tight. it is figure flattering yet modest enough to wear to work. i am 5'3 (and a half!) and many maxis are so long that i must wear heels. this one is perfect length for me and can be worn with flats or heels.	Dresses
When this dressed first debuted, i pretty much ignored it because i was not looking for a sleeveless maxi dress for fall. then i went on instagram and saw all the marvelous ways retailer employees were styling this. this can be worn as a long vest over jeans or a long sleeve maxi. and the rich autumn colors go well with boots and sweaters. add a wide leather belt when it's opened or closed, works great either way. when i bought my dara vegan leather moto in plum, i knew this would be an ideal pair	Dresses
Color is beautiful, fits perfectly, lace is lovely and cut is feminine and flattering. hoping to top with a sweater so i can wear it longer in the season.	Dresses
This is a wonderful dress. i love the fit and feel of the fabric. i have been looking for a while for a 'fall' maxi to wear with a pair of free people boots i purchased. this dress is perfect with them. the colors are fall and fresh, can i say that about fall?	Dresses
I already knew that it's not the lightest summer dress by reading previous reviews.yes, it is fully lined with stretchy fabric which is kind of thick and heavy for skinny straps. i still love this dress it's very beautiful and versatile. it's perfect for san francisco summer it never gets too hot anyway. the color is also beautiful but it's little pink side of red.i am 5'4 size 0 it fits perfect just like the picture.	Dresses
I was a little skeptical about this one at first. i have a hard time with the over all styling of many maxi dresses. i liked the print and figured i would give this a whirl. it is beautiful! looks great on and i love the fabric!! so happy i picked this one up.	Dresses
This dress is breathtaking! it is super lightweight and will be the perfect addition to my suitcase for summer travels! can be dressed up or down with jewelry & heels.	Dresses
I feel the same way about this shirt as i do about the sungarden tee. it's a lovely pattern and i like the fit (it's not clingy), but it's a bit see-though. it's not as bad as the other tee, but no contrasting or patterned bras can be worn with this shirt (unless that's your thing). that said, i'm happy with it because it's a soft and pretty shirt that will get a lot of wear in warm weather. i am very glad i got it on sale though. i wouldn't have paid full price for it.	Knits
I did size up on this one. it came in and it was too snug for a loose shirt. i sized up and i love it now. i went to the store and bought it in white and black. i sized up in the white but not the black. you may want to try them on before purchasing them. i want more.	Knits
I debated whether or not to order this dress. i love the cut and style, but i was afraid the color would not work for me. with dark hair and pale skin, yellow tends to wash me out. i was correct, but the dress was adorable. definitely size down. i usually wear a medium or 8 in retailer dresses, but based on other reviews, i ordered this in a small. might could have used an extra small. this dress certainly won't show off those 10 pounds you lost, but it is very comfortable and not overly boxy. als	Dresses
I bought this in navy and love the multi textures and look. i'm happy it was on sale because it is so cute but i would not have paid full price on it. it runs small. i plan on wearing it for casual errand days.	Knits
I wish i would have read the other reviews before ordering. it's cute, but very casual and very thin material...not like other retailer tops. also runs super small. i ordered a small (i wear a small or xsmall at retailer) and will likely jump to a large given feedback in other reviews.	Knits
I really liked this tshirt but unfortunately the v-neck is just too low for my taste. it fits really loose and even buying the xxs i just felt it would stretch out and be even bigger. really cute style just not sure it's worth the price. great colors though.	Knits
Wow! i saw this dress in the store and had to try it on. it is simply stunning! the bright colors and design are a true tracy reese dress and i looked like a fairy queen in it! lol. i can't wait to wear it!	Dresses
I love the fit and the color. i would buy this t-shirt again in other patterns and colors. the fabric is thin and lightweight, but i knew that when i bought it. ( apparently, nothing this is a problem for some others.) i do choose to wear a camisole or a tank top underneath it. to preserve the fabric, i hang dry after laundering. the colors have not faded, and the fabric is holding up well. i am 5'4", weigh 134 lbs, and do typically wear size medium.	Knits
I bought this tee in purple. went back the next day and purchased the peach! this is a classic tee with a girly twist! cute with jeans and a jean jacket!	Knits
I love this duster. it's really different and interesting. i wear it with the dress in the picture but i have the green dress.	Knits
I now own this shirt in 4 different styles. although i don't expect it to last forever, thus far, they wash really well given how thin they are and light weight. i love the simple cut, and how good they look dressed up or down. it is so hard to find comfy tees, and this one fits the bill! my only wish is that they sold it in solid print colors like white and black. then i would own 6 ;)	Knits
I saw this tee and was unsure about the print, but decided to give it a try. i'm glad i did, as it has become a weekend staple.	Knits
I bought this shirt in a size small. it fits the same as it does on the model. it's a comfortable cute shirt. wish the other colors were available because i'd order another one.	Knits
Got a ton of compliments. great tee with beautiful print.	Knits
This product is amazing. i love that it's comfortable and stylish at the same time. i love the unique color pattern and the length of this product. i also love that i can wear to any occasion and can dress it up or dress it down. it's very versatile and i love it.	Knits
I tried the pink color on in the fall and liked it but wasn't sure how much i'd wear it for the price. i ordered down a size in the maize for the holidays when it went on sale. i think i prefered the subtlety of the pink/blush color. the maize is a goldenrod yellow, not as light a shade as it looks in the online picture. i'll still keep it because it is super comfy, though the sequins don't show as well as on the blush. it will look cute with leggings and boots or high heels. i didn't find it to	Dresses
And lovely color, just not on my pale skin hue unfortunately. i tried on the xs in store, and that was a little long on me, so i would need petite. the cut was very flattering, and super feminine, i love the color and pattern on the dr4ess too. sadly, not for me, i looked sick in it. (115 lbs, 30 dd and xs petite would fit)	Dresses
This top was very pretty when i got it, but i was hoping it would be a bit longer. the v neck design was nice, and the fabric very soft. i liked that a simple t shirt was so feminine.	Knits
Ordered this in the white/gray. likely one of the softest tops i own, and drapes beautifully. density of fabric enough that i won't need a tee underneath. design of the pointed front will look great with a shorter jacket. i'm busty and there is a ton of fabric in the front. due to shipping i won't return but could have gone a size down, and i'm a 42dd.	Knits
I bought this top in the blue motif and loved it so so very much until i washed it. it came out of the wash (delicate/cold cycle) with 3 small holes. i am devastated because it was destined to be my favorite top for summer. it is flattering, lightweight, gorgeous color, cool raw edges, v-back detail...i could go on and on about all the things i love about this top, but now it has holes after one washing so it's all for naught. do-over please with better fabric qa.	Knits
Fit is okay, the style of the shirt and the purple flowers are beautiful!	Knits
Love the idea of this but it ran short and boxier than i would have liked. material is soft, cute design but not flattering. returning	Knits
I purchased this shirt with the purple colored flowers. while the cut is fine, the quality of the fabric is not great so the shirt is very see-through. will be returning it.	Knits
Great shirt. love the detail in back. feminine and different than the average t	Knits
Wish i'd noticed that the sleeve cuff and hem were 'cut' to look hippie-casual. i'm taking this back with great regret. it's soft and the prettiest pale lime-sherbet color; made for a cool summer look. i don't like 'tattered,' though - so back it goes. sigh. it's soft, true fit, and beautiful. i'd buy it in many colors and in the lovely lavender print if it wasn't for the 'cuts.'	Knits
Nicer twist on the casual tshirt. soft, comfy. love the purple.	Knits
This t-shirt is very casual, so it is perfect for everyday use. touch of textile is comfortable, so i feel relaxed whenever wearing this t-shirt. although stripe is a simple design, it does not limit your choise of fashion, so it can go with almost anything. just be aware that this t-shirt runs a little larger than the true size.	Knits
I love florals and this top can be worn with jeans and also i have worn it for work. it's very comfortable and light.	Knits
This dress is happy! it is easy to wear and it is lined. it came in the mail super wrinkled tho. i went for the color more than the style and while the style is lovely, i fell in love with another retailer dress in the same color so i may return this.	Dresses
This dress was overall cute, but you have to have an olive/darker complexion or a nice tan to really pull it off because it is such a pale pink. i'm very fare, but normally can do light punks, but this one just clashed. it does run pretty true to size. if you're on the edge between a smaller or bigger size, i recommend the smaller size however. hope this helps y'all!	Dresses
This is the perfect holiday dress. my best purchase of the season!	Dresses
I found this in store last weekend and thought it was it perfect. i got the size small which had plenty of space for me, usually a 4-6 or small (34a-28-26).it's long, i found it to be just below knee length (5'6").if you zoom in, you can see some detail work along the front edges which complements the pretty openwork in back.it has pockets too btw :)this will be worn over everything this summer, let's hope the poly/rayon/spandex blend washes ok!	Knits
I've been looking for a cozy sweater dress for a while because everything always seems to be so form fitting. i'm between an xs and a small and i got the small for this and it's just a little roomy so it's perfect. fabric is pretty thin so it drapes well and it won't be too warm.	Dresses
I love this dress because it is amazingly feminine and easy to wear. i put this dress on and immediately felt elegant, sophisticated, and flirty all at the same time. a few tailoring uniquenesses i want to mention; stretchy, form fitting, sexy sheer upper and front back panel, you can wear a bra and not see it thru the sheer front and back portions of the dress, the waist is exactly tailored to show off back side. it is true to size.	Dresses
I love this tee, i bought it in white and the bright salmon pink and wished i could have bought it in all the colors. the v-neck is low enough to show just a hint of cleavage without being too revealing. the rough edge of the hem is a nice touch. i like the double-v neck in the back as well as front; it adds a little interest to the back and is not too low. the label is sewn on with red thread which shows up on the white color in back but in a nice way. overall the length and cut are just ideal.	Knits
Just a warning, the yoke on this dress has sequins underneath. i'm not a sparkle kinda gal, so as soon as i saw that, the dress went right back in the package and will be going back to the store. i wish that had been described or more evident in the pictures, to me, it cheapens the whole dress, which would otherwise be adorable.	Dresses
I like this shirt and think its very feminine.	Knits
I am wearing a medium in the photos, my measurements are 38-30-40 for reference.	Knits
This top is true to size, although i am a little nervous about washing it... hopefully it won't shrink. it is super think so great for hot days but because it's so thin, i'll be careful. i have white and am def. going to get more colors. i am 5'8'' 128lbs and purchased a small. i think medium might cut to low in the v, but haven't tried it yet, let's just say if it shrinks after washing i will get a medium...	Knits
I knew there was a problem when my dress arrived and the small fit perfectly when i was 9 months pregnant...i even bought a small even though i normally wear mediumi bought it for family pictures once my daughter was born but it made me look like i was still pregnant even though i had already lost all the baby weight in 3 weeks.it is a beautiful dress though and may try to get it altered to see if that works	Dresses
Very soft and lovely t-shirt. beautiful flowered print and cute detail on neck. i am 140 lbs and 5' 4" and got a large.	Knits
I love this t-shirt because it has the combination of elegance and relazation to a "t".it's soft, pretty and covers my wide bottom well.	Knits
I bought this top in 2 colors -- white and light green. i really like them both. the shirt is a nice weight and texture and the soft green color is really nice. the fit is true to size. i am 5'-6" and 145 lbs. and the medium was perfect. i like how the back dips in a slight v as well.	Knits
Absolutely gorgeous. i never have been a yellow person but today i am converted. all the colors are vibrant and true to the photo. i'm 5'6 and the length is perfect for flat sandals and my wedges, so i can dress it up or be stunningly casual. i range from 14-16/ l-xl in retailer dresses. the size is dictated by my broad shoulders. since this one is sleeveless i went with the large and it's perfect. the nude slip has clasps to keep the straps in place and its adjustable. the slip is als	Dresses
I bought this top about 3 weeks ago& love it! i like it because it's better than a plain t-shirt so it's perfect for running around doing errands or shopping. i like the material and the length, i'm 5'8" and sometimes i feel like shirts are to short. i wash it and hang it to dry, no shrinking or pilling so far! i am ordering this in at least two more colors!	Knits
I think 56 reviews says it all! basic tee with a little tailoring on upper back in a variety of colors. i purchased the purple floral tee in my local store and it is prettier in person than on the website. much more vibrant in color. it is tts.	Knits
Will be cute in the summer months and with a pair of sweater tights will work for holiday parties. doesn't seem to come in a petite which is a bummer so i sized down..	Dresses
Tts and comfortable. this t shirt brings flair to everyday wear and i purchased on sale for a steal!	Knits
I usually wear a small or a medium in tee shirts, and i had to get a medium so that it fit comfortable throughout the shoulder area.	Knits
Gorgeous with that retailer uniqueness.unfortunately this shade of yellow just wasn't right for me.but it is a beautiful dress	Dresses
I purchased this dress in pink. it is absolutely beautiful. the shimmery detail around the neck is gorgeous! it is so flattering and looks amazing with boots or sandals! this dress will not disappoint!!	Dresses
Beautiful dress. the color in person in a rich golden sun, not too flashy. a very warm hue, it will compliment every skin tone. it is more fitted than most peasant dresses. not as much flowing material, very flattering. the slight beading on the yoke makes it a standout. very well made, with a nice cotton lining. i am usually a size six in a dress, and the small fit beautifully, even with my large top. it is a stunner, that can be worn with boots or sandals. you will receive a lot of compliments	Dresses
I got this in light green and it's a gorgeous color. first tried a small, but it was a little too wide and long. exchanged for xs, looks great. now i just hope it doesn't shrink too much!	Knits
I love this dress! would like to see one.september make it in sky like their meda lace top. runs a little big. i normally wear a l but the m fit perfectly.	Dresses
I tried this shirt in the purple motif, it fit true to size, my normal small worked well. all was good on the front turned around to admire the slight detail of the neckline in the back and all i could see with the red thread the designer used to sew their tag in. really? on a white shirt? it annoyed me so much i didn't buy the shirt.	Knits
I've had a lot of misses from retailer lately. i've loved this dress since i first saw it in the spring/summer releases and gave it a try when it went on sale. when it arrived i literally lol. it's an ill fitting nightgown. the size small was a tent on me and it's so flimsy and sheer it probably shouldn't be worn in public. there's a short sheer slip that comes with it but unfortunately doesn't do much. pass, ladies.	Dresses
I'm dying for this skirt in the picture. where is it??	Knits
I bought one of these tees and i washed it a few times and luckily no holes yet like other reviews have stated. i just got a 2nd tee as they are quite comfy. i bought these both in-store but the petite size might have been better for my frame. i wish retailer would look into having petite sizes available in store and not just online. sometimes i do get lucky on finding petite sizes in-store, but it's usually from a return.	Knits
This duster is a nice light weight dark navy that you can throw on to add a little something to a your outfit without adding bulk or warmth. looks nice over dress, jeans, crops. just a fun little item to have in you closet that you can grab to put a little twist to an outfit. best part of the duster....it has pockets!! i love being able to slide my iphone into a pocket while on the go!	Knits
I have been looking for a nice white top to go with many of my skirts for summer, and this is not it. like others, it's just so thin and sheer. i live in the south. i don't need my bra showing and i was wearing a nude bra when i tried this on and you can see everything. this is fine to layer in cooler temps, but now in our horrible summers where that's the last thing i wish to do.- the only plus i can tell you is it's tts and the fabric is so comfortable and feels great on the skin. however,	Knits
This dress is beautiful and flowy but flattering. the colors are vibrant. the slip is tighter than the dress but i don't mind. it is a half slip and the bottom is sheer. i'm normally a 10/12 in dress and the 12 fit well. the length was good for my 5'9 height.	Dresses
When i walked into the store, this tee instantly caught my eye. it's light weight, not too low cut and longer in the back. great with jeans, skirts or shorts.	Knits
Was looking for the perfect birthday dress....and i found it! gorgeous! i generally wear a size 0 or 2 but opted for a size 4 to give some wiggle room and it still fit me like a glove.	Dresses
Got the mustard and grey. very cute. looking forward to wearing it	Knits
I purchased this for a late summer wedding that i was invited to last minute and i can't wait to wear it! i got it on sale with an additional percentage off and for the price it is a steal. like all of tracy reese designs it is so cute and feminine. it runs just a tad bit on the larger side so the medium fit my size 10 figure perfectly (i tried on the large and it was too big and too long for me). the medium length was perfect for my height (5"6).	Dresses
Just received this dress in the mail and i'm in love. it's beautiful and fits so well. i was a little hesitant ordering a yellow dress but i'm so happy that i did. ??	Dresses
I tried both the xs and s in the store. i am usually an xs, but ended up buying the s, because the xs was really short and i didn't want it to be any shorter after washing. the s fit more like a normal t-shirt, although the back is longer. love the color (blue) and the fabric is super soft. also happy that it's not too thin, nor see-through.	Knits
I have bought several tees by t.la and this one is really cute. i bought it in the blue stripe size xs. it runs slightly larger than most in that size, but it will probably shrink a little. it's not overly baggy, just comfy fit. i like the colors in this top and will wear it often with shorts or jeans. the fabric is thin so i'm not sure how long it will last, but until then it will be a keeper in my closet!	Knits
Ok ladies....you need to know that this type of fabric is the one that will get holes (i bought the white one). it is super thin and lovely, but i was only able to get two wears out of it. i did wash it and it maintained it's size because i restretched it while wet then hung to dry. i was super disappointed about the wear but appreciated being able to return it without question at my local retailer.	Knits
The shirt was soft and very flattering on. got multiple compliments.	Knits
Great basic but with a little something special to it. great t all around!	Knits
Beautiful dress; however, the top was small for my chest and the rest ran large.	Dresses
I had seen this online a few times and while it caught my eye because of the color, i never really bothered to check out the details due to the stock photo. it looks quite bland as it doesn't really flatter the model. however, once i saw this dress in-store, i was drawn to it immediately. the dress is well made, the embroidery is delicate and beautiful with interesting design features. i love the combination of the summer dress with a collar. it makes this dress so work appropriate as well as it	Dresses
I was a little hesitant to order this dress due to the cotton/polyester blend...not generally a fan of poly for summer. it is high quality though, very soft, lightweight and lays beautifully. it's not see through either, which seems like a rare find in clothing lately. the embroidery is very well done too, and i think it adds just the right touch of feminine, while not being overly "precious". it does run small by a whole size, which i've found to be typical of eva franco dresses. i am usually a	Dresses
This dress looked so cute on the model, but unfortunately not so much on me. it appeared so much more fitted in the picture than it actually is. i ordered the xs and it is huge on me. definitely a tunic/swing style, rather than streamlined. my husband said it looked frumpy on me. it is also longer than it appears on the modei. for reference i am 5' 4"i wish this would have worked, but i need something more fitted for my body type. if you are looking for an unfitted tunic style, this could be s	Dresses
I was very excited to receive this dress. i ordered my normal size small, which i should have realized was a mistake. you could fit two of me in that size small. i realize the dress is supposed to be "flowy" but it would have been baggy on me at nine months pregnant. the fabric is soft and comfy and the pattern is cute, but order at least one size down. i'm going to exchange for the xs in hopes of it not resembling a short muumuu.	Dresses
This dress has a great design for any frame. it looks great with a belt to accentuate the waist but the dress stands great alone and doesn't require a lot of styling.	Dresses
And flattering! i love the feel of the dress, it is flowy, loose but still flattering. i can't wait to wear it with boots. i could go with flats for summer, too, if i wanted to. i have had this dress in my wish list, then i deleted it, but it was in the store as a return in xxs p so i thought, why not! i shouldn't have really, coz now i have to get it... and i did.colors are actually great, i don't know why people have issues "matching" - black or navy are equally neutral in my books...f	Dresses
This dress is perfect for wearing in autumn (and beyond)! it will look great with casual flats or sneakers while it's still warm outside and it will be very stylish and cozy with a denim jacket and boots when it's cooler outside. it runs large in the skirted portion of the dress, like last season's similar floral dresses by this brand. the dress is a medium weight rayon and is not lined; some people might want to wear a slip or half slip or wear leggings with this dress for modesty. as for the c	Dresses
This dress is cute and comfortable. big but not too big, skimming. i usually wear a 12 pant and bought a medium and it is great. i am on the taller side and the length was great too.	Dresses
I love this dress! it's super comfortable--soft fabric and doesn't bind anywhere--yet somehow it's still feminine and sexy. i get compliments on it wherever i go! also, it works all year-round (in winter it can be easily paired with boots, tights, a long-sleeved black t-shirt, etc.).	Dresses
I am short (5'3'") and have a short torso so the empire waist line was really flattering. i got the petite size small and it fell just above my knee. loose skirt portion led to an easy look to the dress. overall, super cute!	Dresses
This is such a unique design and i love the colors. i could be a small or x-small and chose the x-small, fits perfectly.	Knits
The fit is really flattering and cute but the fabric and finishings seem really cheap. it's a printed plaid - not woven.	Dresses
Comfortable, stretchy fabric. i ordered the xs and will probably take the sides in at least a couple of inches for a snugger fit...the fit is looser than it looks on the model.	Knits
This is a cute dress, but it runs very large through. if i had decided to keep it, i would have taken it to my seamstress to remove some of the volume. when i ordered, i assumed it was red and black checked, but it is navy. my black cropped leather jacket and boots won't work with those colors, so it is going back.	Dresses
I thought this would be a great dress for late summer early fall and i was right. it's light and flowy but the colors are darker. it's very cute and i can't wait to wear it with nice boots like in the picture.	Dresses
Wore for the 4th with white jeans super cute love the ruffle	Knits
This is a fantastic dress. it's very flowy, comfortable, stylish, and it has pockets!!! whoop! whoop! i have a larger bust (34d) and even though it's button down, the openings in between don't peak open to show your bra. it is navy and red, but i think you could wear black boots with it, no problem. this is my new favorite dress and i'm very happy with my purchase. buy it!!	Dresses
No, no, no...i don't know if it was the way it got flattened out in the packaging, or what, but it sticks out like a tent from the hips down. i'm 5'7", about 145, 32c, usually wear a 6 or 8 in dresses. this thing barely buttoned over my bust, and then flares out to a tent-like triangular shape at the bottom. i don't think it would come out by washing and ironing it; i'm afraid it was just cut poorly. i looked like a sad prisoner in stripes, unfortunately. i bought three different dresses in the	Dresses
First, i'm an 8/10 and tried the s and m. i could've worn either but the m looked too large in my opinion. i kept the small. the color- i think you could wear black or navy as the navy is very very dark. the only con- the sleeves. they stick right out to the sides and don't lay down as much as the online photo. it definitely looks best with a cardigan or jacket over it. material is super light.	Dresses
I got the black in size small. i love this easy, breezy and comfy t. i love that it's different and can wear with anything. the shirt is more flowy vs fitted which i like. i wish they had more colors! i could see myself wearing this shirt a lot this summer. i'm a size 2 and bought a small.	Knits
I love the pattern of the red/orange dress. i bought this online for easter. i'm bummed. i felt frumpy. the dress fit. i'm 5'5" athletic build and i bought the xs. it is just not flattering on my frame. i looked like i had big hips, the waist band was not creating a waist for me and i need that... i wanted to keep it but sadly i will be returning it. my husband agreed i should return it.	Dresses
I ordered both colors and my usual size (in eptites) and one size smaller... definitely true to size as in not smaller size. i am 5'1.5" and the best size was xs petite. i ordered both colors and msut say they are both gorgeous, so can't go wrng there, as long as it goes with your skin tone, for me the red was better, but i did love hte neutral color as well.comes with a lining #bude color#.wasit is elasticized, and comfortable, love the sleeves, this is light enough for spring and	Dresses
I debated for awhile about getting this dress. being tall i was worried that it would be really short on me, so i ended up ordering it in a large (i'm 5'10" a size 10/12.) it definitely has a blousey look to it which i like. i kind of wish i had ordered it in a medium as well, but i think the large will work just fine. the length is good (hits right above my knee), the elastic waistband is nice because i can pull it up around my natural waist or pull it down for more of a drop waist effect. as o	Dresses
I am 5'9" and 138 pounds slender, but with a tummy. the small fit great ,and i agree with the other reviewer that the elastic waist band is complimentary. the dress flounces out a little, but in a cute way, and it's not too short compared to so many other baby doll dresses out there now. i didn't think it looked that great on the hanger, but when i tried it on it looked so much better than i expected. got the brown. thank you to the other reviewers for the bootie, boot, moto jacket transition to	Dresses
I was excited to receive this dress because it seemed like a beautiful, breezy dress for summer. unfortunately i didn't find the fit to be very flattering. as two other reviewers mentioned there is too much fabric creating an odd bunching especially at the back waistline. i also found the dress to be a little tight across the bustline, upper arms and shoulders. the bunching can be improved by pulling the fabric of the dress forward in the front but this creates more of a plunging neckline than i	Dresses
The dress has a partially sewn-in slip, which really didn't work for me. no matter how much adjusting i did i couldn't get the slip and dress to sit properly.i ordered a medium, and if it hadn't been for the slip, the fit would have been good. the length was as pictured. for reference i am 5'5 145lbs, 38-30-40, 34ddd.	Dresses
Easy to wear dress that looks polished and professional for work.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress as it seemed perfect for spring and summer, but it just didn't work for me. it made me feel a bit frumpy, honestly. i purchased the neutral color. maybe the "red" would have been less... grandmotherly. something about the elastic waist just didn't work for me either. i tried this with boots, booties, heels, clogs, flats, sandals and i just couldn't make this dress work. sadly sending this one back. i'm 5'7", 140 lbs and tried the medium.	Dresses
Love this tshirt! casual but can be dressed up with wedges and a scarf!	Knits
The model in this photo should be standing tall, because this dress looks absolutely fabulous right out of the tissue paper! i ordered a small, and am 130pounds 5'5"- the dress fits like a glove, and is a pull over style. the nude slip- lining connected to the outer shell works wonders and allows for a full coverage feel, yet nice breezy, sexy appeal. this dress can be worn to work, on a hot date, and even a nice weekend look. when i say slimming i mean it. the center detail- grabs the most perf	Dresses
This dress is very beautiful - great fabric and colors - but it looked terrible on me because i have large breasts. i am 32dd and this dress made me look pregnant. if you have the right body type it would be a great breezy summer dress. i'm sad because i can't wear it:(	Dresses
I love the cold shoulder trend, and this top seemed to satisfy. i bought it in the blue, which is really more like a very light mint green. however, i think the material is pretty thin (though soft), and the keyhole sleeve area, right by the twist, is not substantial so it looks a little cheap. i ordered the small, but i think i could have definitely sized down to the xs (110 pounds, 32dd). it's very loose fitting but i wouldn't say it looks bad. it's just a very relaxed fit. for the price, thou	Knits
I like the idea of this but had to return it. the fitted liner is attached at shoulders and awkward to get into. the shirt is too poofy. didn't flatter short and curvy.	Dresses
I bought this in the neutral motif and my expectations before trying it on weren't high but i was sold once i was in the dress. sometimes dresses that have the elastic band in the waist can be tricky if you don't have a perfectly flat tummy and can accentuate the tiniest bump. however, this dress sits perfectly on the waist and is actually super slimming. i wasn't 100% sold on the pattern or color (i wish it was more off white than brown) but the fit was so great that i had to buy it! the dress	Dresses
Ordered this in the neutral motif, size large and it's a great little dress. comfortable and cute, but modest enough that i'm not worried about my bust (38d) hanging out too much. the v-neck hits at the perfect spot. the sleeves are the perfect 3/4 length, not too tight and it's not too short on me (5'9"). i'm a light blonde and i don't feel washed out in this. it hides a little belly well without being a tent. also, the lining is super soft and flexible. the only problem is the upper back falls	Dresses
I must be one of the rare people that this dress did not work for. i adored it online and even on the hanger. putting it on, it just looked frumpy on me (i tried my usual small first). decided i must need a smaller size, so i sized down to an xs. this one looked much better on, but was nearly impossible to get in and out of, the built in slip got twisted and i had to start over twice). i decided i wasn't willing to work up a sweat getting dressed and undressed when i wore it. i passed.	Dresses
I love this shirt but have 1 issue- that darn pocket. it's so awkward. it even looks awkward on the model. then, i bought another t-shirt by the same company from elsewhere and guess what? same awkward weird floppy pocket. it's so odd, i can't even explain it.	Knits
Great dress that can be casual or dressy. well-made and comes with.a built-in slip.	Dresses
I love how this dress is photographed, but when it arrived to my doorstep i was highly disappointed. there seems to be no shape to it whatsoever. the fabric is much stiffer than i was expected i thought it was going to be more like a sweater dress, but it is not an overly comfortable fabric and it does not move like i thought it would when i put it on. this one is going back.	Dresses
The linen makes it a big wrinkly mess. i tried it on and just the act of trying it on, made it so wrinkly. i would have bought it in a second had it not been for that. love the mango color..i am in-between a 2-4 and went with the 2. i'm 5'3 and the length was a few inches above my knee...there is also a separate slip attached.bummer.. maybe this won't bug some people but it would drive me mad. :-)	Dresses
I just received this dress and it so adorable with the pineapple print, really flattering on and very well made. the shoulder styling and cut out in the back makes it really stand out for style. the con for this cute styling is it is not bra friendly no matter what bra you wear. even strapless will show in the back cut out as it is open where most bras go. it has handy side pockets and fits very true to size. i'm a 12 in most dresses and the 12 fit perfectly everywhere. but, i am sending it back	Dresses
Perfect for day at the beach! i'm 5'6 and the length is just right above knee not too short. fresh and cool cotton. comfortable feel.	Dresses
Absolutely gorgeous!words can't describe the beauty of this dress!i hope they will restock it cause i would order size s (didn't know how it runs).	Dresses
Really cute dress -- the lace-up detail is distinctive, and i think this dress will be versatile. great for hot weather, but i tried it on with retailer skinny pants, and that looked cool too. the included slip (not a lining) is soft and not clingy. i'm on the petite size and often find that relaxed-fit dresses like this make me look like i'm wearing a sack, but this one is not too billowy or shapeless. i tried the mango color on in the store, and really wanted to buy it, but the color just is not	Dresses
This shirt runs extremely large. looks boxy and unflattering.	Knits
I found this to be a comfortable, stylish, no-fuss look. bought my normal size 4 (5'7", 128#) in the orange, and it fits like the model. it's a nice lightweight linen and is machine washable, which is always a plus. you can't tell from the photo, but the lace-up portion actually has a bit of fabric in it, so you aren't revealed if it isn't tightly laced ;)	Dresses
I agree with the other reviewers about sizing down in this tee. the colors are beautiful and design lovely. i love how the sleeves are finished and the neckline. i purchased at my local retailer store along with the flower days tee (that i purchased in a larger size because of the differences in the design of the two shirts). highly recommend both!	Knits
I saw the shirt at my local retailer store and loved the color and print; however, the shirt had way too much fabric! i was swimming in it. it was not flattering whatsoever. plus, it's overpriced for a shirt. i'm sadly returning it.	Knits
I really liked this top when i saw it online. i went to the store to check the sizes. i am a small or a medium. i tried on the s and the xs. even the xs was huge. unfortunately the xxs is sold out. i don't understand the sizing on this at all. it's a shame because the top itself is very pretty. just be sure you try it on before purchasing.	Knits
When i first saw this i thought it was a bit boxy but i was drawn to the colors. the arm-holes are a little large and i got an xs (normally wear a size 2), so i will probably wear a tank underneath, but overall the fit is relaxed and comfortable. i love the colors. it has a little longer length (i'm 5'5"). i see this being cute with white jeans, blue jeans. love it!	Knits
I am normally a size m, sometimes a small. i ordered a small based on the reviews and it was so huge i could have been six months pregnant and it would still fit. i would need to size down to an xxs, but at this point i'm returning it....gorgeous colors. i wish it fit :(	Knits
I ordered this dress in 0p since i am 5ft. it fits great its not too short just above the knee.	Dresses
Too thin at bottom where lace is. couldn't sit in the dress without worrying i was "hanging out"	Dresses
I ordered the red in xl and the fit on me matches the photos on the model. it's true to size. the quality of the material is fantastic. the stitched upper portion is well-done. the color is much prettier in person. it's such a bright, cheerful, well-made top. i washed mine and air dried it. fits & looks great after washing. this is a bargain, especially on sale. the red combo is such a unique mix of colors. i like using blue jewelry with it. but, also mint green jewelry too.	Knits
The fabric is very soft, love the purple floral color. the top is very flattering with the ease and comfort of a t-shirt.	Knits
When this appeared on line, i thought t would be a sure thing, color (blue), cut and style, this dress appeared to have been made for me, but i ultimately i ended up returning it for several reasons. fit: i was worried about the length on my 5'5" frame but it was actually long enough. i have narrow shoulders and average arms but i found the shoulders or maybe it was the upper arms to run slightly small in my regular size which caused some strange poofing at the shoulders. not sure if going up a	Dresses
Great dress for a full figure.forget about the horizontal stripes. you can wear this with great style and get away with wearing those dreaded stripes. the possibilities have been great because i wear this dress with sweater vests, athletic vests, sweaters, jackets and wool scarves. i have worn this dress with cowboy boots, dress boots and pumps and it looks great with all options. the material is thick enough that panty lines don't show. women of different ages stop me and tell me they want thi	Dresses
Great shirt, more of a stretch to it than i thought it would. very flowy, looks great with jeans & leggings.	Knits
This is a nice top but it runs very large. the small was still too large for me. hoping they have this in xs.	Knits
This dress is chick but funky! the material is knit but not the usual itchy knit. it's comfortable and cool. the colors of the stripes are cool - they're earthy and go well with black, brown, blue and gray. this is going to be a favorite for years.	Dresses
I ordered the black and white pattern, which was ok. i got a small, but the shirt was very square - with a short and wide fit! i doubt an xs would have helped with such a boxy shirt. sent this one back.	Knits
Loved the brushstroke design and simplicity of black on white; however, the tee was way too big. it looked boxy and sloppy.	Knits
Love this shirt. the print is a little loud, but cute. i always upsize shirts due to my bust size and not liking them to be too clingy. however, that was a mistake with this shirt. there was too much fabric around the midsection with the larger size. i did like it enough to order again in the correct size (l). i am a size 14 and busty, if that helps. the red is short-sleeved, by the way if ordered online, cute and flattering.	Knits
I have four kids and a post baby bump that wants to live on forever, so i'm a huge fan of flowy tops--this one looked cute online, but i wasn't sold on it and passed. then i went to the store the next day and saw it, and the colors were more vibrant, so i thought, why not try it on, though i wasn't that excited about it. i tried it on and it was like the shirt was having her cinderalla moment--totally transformed how it looked on me and in person. i love it! it was one of those instant "i'm buyi	Knits
I was looking forward to receiving this dress. i am tired of all of the swing dresses - most of which are not flattering on my petite frame. i am also uncomfortable with dresses that fall much above the knee as i am somewhat older. the colors and fabric of this dress are beautiful. vibrant, but not too bright. when i got it on i was thrilled with the fit - until i looked at the back. there are pleats at the waist in back and there is way too much fabric. it looked like i had a bustle under the d	Dresses
Love this shirt. it's easy to throw on and makes a cute outfit with about any kind of bottoms. i've wore it with leggings and jeans.	Knits
This top is soft, comfortable and drapes nicely. the print makes it fresh and different. i sized down to a small.	Knits
Perfect fit shirt. super cute and very comfortable. i purchased a size xl at first but it was too large, l fit perfect. i'm normally a size 14 on top, but this runs large.	Knits
I am short (5'3") and very curvy. i usually get petite in dresses. something about this fit was strange. it was definitely a little shorter than most petites. the lace detail on the front of this dress is really cute and it is a color you don't see often so i kept it.	Dresses
This top is gorgeous in person, but when i tried it on, i fell out of love. it didn't happen immediately, but the more i wore it around the fitting room area, the less i appreciated its beauty. i tried it on in an xs - i typically wear a s or xs in most retailer tops - 5'8", 140 lbs for reference. this top is just huge in the body! the fit is very boxy and just not flattering. yes, it could be cute with skinny jeans and perfect for preggo's! this was just a miss for me.	Knits
A great white blouse! i expected this top to be sheer and yet it's quite opaque. i bought the white in a size small, i find it true to size and the silhouette is very flattering. relaxed yet super polished look.	Knits
I bought the white tee. while the print is nice, the size is a bit too large with the xs looking relatively baggy (i am around medium weight and very short).	Knits
This dress is amazing. bought in orange and fits wonderfully. great quality and could transition in between seasons	Dresses
Loved this dress until i tried it on! it was too big in the body and tight on top in the arm area. from the reviews already posted stating the guy was great, i'm wondering if i just received a defective dress? i also wish the dress were a truer orange/mango color instead of a burnt orange since this dress is for spring/summer.	Dresses
I love shift dresses and i love t linen so this one was a must for me. i had it in my inbox as soon as it came out on the website and then i found it in the store and had to try it on. i took the six and the eight to the fitting room because i run in between, and the six fit better so i guess it runs a little bit large. really it just depends on how you want it to fit. the length is great too, about 3 inches above my knee, i'm 5 foot 5, which is exactly where i like my dresses to hit. i got the	Dresses
I purchased this in store and the red motif is short sleeved as pictured. the pattern is fun, vibrant and great for summer months. it's a more substantial weight fabric, not sheer or clingy. the fit is tts and it is a slightly longer length which i loved.	Knits
This is why i shop at retailer. i was in one of my local stores recently, mainly to check out the sale. my boyfriend was with me. we hadn't been in the store 5 minutes when we passed a table with piles of folded tees. this one caught my eye. the color, omg! and then flowers and butterflies! try it on, he said, as i held one up. no..... i shouldn't. we wandered around, checked out the sale and all the new. and i was back at that table looking at that tee. so, i took a small and an xs to the fitting	Knits
I received this dress yesterday and it exceeded expectations! i was not expecting the fabric to have a slight stretch and felt that the fabrication aided to the overall comfort of the dress without losing any of the quirky elegance. due to the stretch, however, i immediately ordered a size down for comparison. i'm a pretty solid 2 with eva franco dresses but with this cut i had about an inch of fabric in the waist. regardless, i'm keeping the dress - jury is just still out on which side!! measur	Dresses
I love the way the dress fit definitely a flip flop by the poolside bar dress. i ordered the mango colored one and was disappointed that the color resembled a dark squash orange and not as bright as it looked in picture. i think it will look nice with a tan so i will keep it. wouldn't plan to dress it up too much because it will definitely wrinkle ! i am a petite 5'4 and got the regular and it fits just above my knees which is good for my taste!	Dresses
This is an attractive shirt but runs big. i ordered the black and white.	Knits
Purchased this in the burnt orange color - very nice!will be lightweight for our hot, humid summers but has a bit of pizazz with the lace up front.the slip is nicely made with strap attachments in the shoulders so they do not slip.i wear a ton of dresses in the summer so this will definitely be a go to item for all the horse races we attend. looking forward to snagging a nice derby style hat to match!	Dresses
Have had many compliments on this tee! feels dressed up without feeling too fancy	Knits
I have the purple and the white. i purchased the purple first in m. it wasn't too big to return, but it was a little roomier than necessary but when i saw the white on sale, i purchased it in s which fit just fine--still plenty roomy as the style allows. both these are cute alone and also with a little sweater or denim jacket. i haven't washed them yet but i imagine washing on delicate with a good gentle detergent will keep them looking nice for a long time.	Knits
This product is made of good-quality cotton material. it does run a little large, but it still fits nicely. i like the fact that the design is both on the front and face of the garment.	Knits
I saw an outfit post of a gorgeous lady in this dress so i had to try it. it's so flattering and well constructed, if a little longer than i usually prefer. i'll just have to wear pumps with it. i don't have the right bra so i just pinned the straps to a bit of ribbon in front to pull them underneath the dress. it does have pockets, also. i ordered the 12 and it fits beautifully. for reference i have a 40" bust and 33" waist.	Dresses
I just want you guys to be aware that the red print is not short sleeved! we have this in store and both are 3/4 length sleeves! great material and fit.	Knits
I didn't realize the patterned material was tee shirt material. i got lots of compliments on it though. i'ts blowsey from the bust down (i got the short sleeved red one) but it's comfortable without looking sloppy. if you can pull off the tucked in look, it's super cute.	Knits
I ordered the orange motif in short sleeves.and i got what i ordered- and love it. it is a little big, but i wanted a looser top. i was looking for something bright and fun for the spring time that i could wear to work with nice slacks or dress down with jeans. this top meets my needs for sure. i really like the detailing on the top collar-bone area. my husband loved that it was bright and cheerful- so i take this as a win!	Knits
So happy to say this dress was built for my body type. i'm heavier & wider in my upper body so the cut of the bodice/halter fits perfectly and comfortably. going in at the waist and flaring out to a soft a-line, the skirt pleating lays just right since i have no hips or booty. yes, the fabric is heavier weight, so i wouldn't recommend wearing in hot & humid weather. i love the unique print & colors! i do not own anything in this color combination. the retro vibe is strong in this one so i	Dresses
I got the red, which was short sleeved. the shirt itself was so cute, but the fit is very boxy. i got a small and it was way too wide. far wider and shorter in the waist than the picture shows. i am sad to return, but it makes me look like a square. (shape that is)	Knits
I bought this shirt in white, i have worn it 2 ways so far and love it. i wore it under a pull over and had the tail ends stick out and it was great that way, and i wore it with a long cardigan. i received a lot of compliments on it. i will be buying it in red!!	Knits
The shade of orange was quite muddy and not vibrant like photos show. it's going back .	Dresses
The print and fit of this dress is perfect! it's very flattering and slimming.	Dresses
This top runs very large and is loose fitting in the middle. it looks very flattering and is very comfortable. i bought the one in red and it looks quite good. i would go down one size, maybe two.	Knits
I tried this dress on in the store in the mango color but opted to order the blue. the dress is beautifully made and the fit is fantastic.	Dresses
This shirt would be perfect if i needed a canopy on my tent. this shirt runs ridiculously large. purchased a medium and it should be labeled an xl. no impressed with the pattern in person. looks cheap. will be returning.	Knits
Beautiful dress appears well-made, but unfortunately i wasn't able to get it on! about 6 inch gap in the zipper over chest area. first time i've ever sent something back to retailer for not fitting.	Dresses
I purchased the mango. it is flattering with my olive skin and golden brown hair. i am keeping it. i'm used to linen so no surprises there. i agree with a reviewer that said it will work in summer and fall. i could wear this walking on the beach, to a summer casual dinner party. i plan on wearing gold sandals and gold jewelry. this will make the feel more summertime. then i will wear boots with it in the fall. i'm very happy with the choice. my store didn't have the blue. the fit is tts. i'm 5 f	Dresses
Really pretty blue top. great for wearing around the house if you want to be comfy and casual yet look good in case your neighbor shows up at your door, of if you have to run a quick errand! if your wear it with distressed jeans it will add to the casual vibe. the blue is vivid and perfect for any hair color. don't get me wrong. the top is casual and cute. it is not sloppy and has an international, worldly vibe. i recommend it.	Knits
I bought the dress in mango. i love the color. it is very vibrant. the fit is great and i imagine getting a lot of use out of this dress during the summer months. my only complaint is that i expected the fabric to be a little bit heavier. i find it to be kind of thin.	Dresses
I saw this dress on someone and knew immediately i had to have it. it is stunning in person.	Dresses
I really loved the idea of this dress and thought it may be perfect for work with a pair of wedges. but, the first thing that set me off was the color and the material. the color is more street sign yellow than a soft, warm yellow. the fabric is a thin, sheet like fabric that makes the yellow look even cheaper. i was anticipating a thicker shirt-like fabric. when i tried it on, i liked the idea, but the material and the color made me feel like i was wearing costume...or a parachute. i will defin	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. the cut, fit and color are adorable. unfortunately the fabric is super thin. due to the material type it can be clingy in a manner that requires the anti-static spray your mom used to use in the 80s. i was on the fence of keeping it, but if there is so much as a wrinkle in your panty-line the whole world will see it. i would hate to have to wear a slip with this due to static issue. i am most likely going to return it; even at 15% off, it is over-priced for the cheap	Dresses
This is a beautifully made dress and i couldn't wait to put it on. i was disappointed. i am 5'5" and a size 4- 6. i ordered the 6 and it was too 'long and heavy' looking on me. but the waist and upper body fit tightly. the zipper up the back was very heavy looking and the cut away shoulders didn't work for my body type, making me look bulky on top. the torso is really built for someone with small breasts - i am average and the way the darts are, made my breasts look flatter and lower than they a	Dresses
This is a lovely dress, with great fabrication. nice detail on the zipper placket. good material. however, it runs small in the waist, if you had a nymph waist this is for you! i couldn't get it zipped.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous! the colors are deep and rich and the fabric is super soft. the top part is lined but still avoids feeling like it would be too hot when the temperatures warm up. bonus-- a regular bra works perfectly underneath without anything showing, even with the deep v neckline. while the waist does sit a bit high, it works perfectly on my body-- emphasizes the smallest part of my waist and then flows away. it drapes nicely, not too full and not too clingy. i am 5'7 and a true size 6	Dresses
I found this dress to be very short waisted, much closer to an empire waist than shown in the picture. it was also an inch or two longer in the skirt than other maxi dresses i've gotten from retailer. it really could have used those inches above the waist. just a strange fit overall.	Dresses
Great fit, comfortable and stylish. easy to dress up or down, excellent item for any wardrobe.	Dresses
This darling dress has a fun boho vibe to it and the color/pattern would flatter a variety of skin tones. a long necklace is a must with this dress. it has a flowy drape below the waist so it's a generous fit. i purchased the medium.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous! i ordered it because i was getting other things and there was free shipping., i am 5'3.5" and abt 123 lbs. usually between an xs and s and also between reg & petite. sometimes i have to order multiple sizes to get a decent fit. i ordered a sz small petite and it's perfect. super soft, great colors, perfect length!! love it!	Dresses
I have never been able to find a maxi dress that just fits me. i'm pretty short (5'2") and the xs petite comes exactly to my ankles. no hemming necessary! the neckline is very flattering and the waist is a semi-empire elastic waistline that makes this dress both elegant and comfortable. the dress is very stretchy but doesn't look like it. it is absolutely one of my "summer staples" now - especially for traveling. if i could have this dress in fifty different patterns i would.	Dresses
I love this dress as far as the fit goes. it makes my curvy figure loook even better with how it's cut. that being said the different patterns over each boob made the dress look crazy. it makes you look quite lopsided in the chest. wasn't just me, but my store people also agreed. had the pattern on the chest been the same it would be great, but even though my boobs are of "mostly" equal size, they looked too crazy. it's quite noticeable on. so sad:(	Dresses
Perfect in every way- easy to wear-very feminine, comfy and goes with everything. only problem is color is not like picture. it is a mauve not a light pink. i still love this top and the color it camre in. brighten up with lipstick- necklace- earrings- whatever your pick. highly recommend. a winner!!!	Knits
The cut and design of this dress is lovely! the fabric is heavy enough for fall/winter, but the sleeveless style makes it a great transition piece for when the weather warms up again. it does run slightly larger than most other retailer dresses. i sized down to a 2 from a 4. the bust stretches a bit for the ladies who might be heavier on top (i'm a 34 dd), however, i noticed the white shows through in dark places around my bust. also, the boning in the front pushed against the fabric a bit	Dresses
Really beautiful top. i agree with the others, a bit on the short side. it is cut a little wide but has a nice flow. the color is not pink. it is a blush type color that can be hard to wear for some skin tones, but i'm going to make it work because the top is too pretty to pass up.	Knits
Boxy, short & wide! luv this brand but super disappointed with this design...	Knits
This blouse does have a flowy, boxy shape to it but the details make up for that. when i wear it tucked into a skirt it looks wonderfully flattering. i tried on an xs and considered looking for a xxs but i feel that size would probably end up being too short instead of more fitted.	Knits
I desperately wanted this to work - it's a beautiful color and overall quality...it is just so short and wide (almost a perfect square if you lay it out flat). i can see it looking better on someone on the shorter side, but on my 5'7" frame and long torso it just didn't look right. few extra inches and this could have been awesome!	Knits
I didn't look at this dress twice online but when i tried it on in the store i was floored. it was beautiful, flattering, and so much fun.	Dresses
I got this top in the "brown" color, although it is really more of a burnt rose, or light sienna shade and it is just lovely. i love the color. the fit is just right, comfortable and a good length. it feels very well-made and has beautiful details from the pleated collar/neckline to the slightly sheer upper back panel. i have only one tiny issue with this top: in the very front where it buttons, there is no lining or fabric behind the crocheted lace panels. in retrospect, i can see this slightly	Knits
I just ordered this top and so far really like it, it is pretty and feminine and comfortable. the one thing i would note is that the lace running down the center has holes which you can see through, unlike the lace to each side. it's not extremely noticeable, but i am planning on wearing a cami under it. i ordered a small and it fits pretty well but is definitely on the looser side, i wonder if possibly the extra small would work for me, but i'm fairly tall so i went with the small.	Knits
I liked the details on the front a d back of this top. while i was pregnant i purchased the white color in the small. everything fit, suprisingly, the top even covered up my pregnant belly. i returned it since i didn't want a top with so much room in the waist area post pregnancy. i recently got this top in the xs thinking that it will be a great stylish breasting top. while everything fit in the hips, and waist, the chest area was too tight. this top did not work for me as i am in between sizes	Knits
Super flattering dress. love it. makes my waist look tiny. great fit and flare style without making me look pregnant! i love the fabric. will be great as a travel dress (packs easy, doesn't need to be ironed really, substantial fabric). love it. i think it runs large since i'm rarely a 2 at retailer, but i find that maeve runs all over the place. i'm usually a 4 at retailer and i got a 2 in this.	Dresses
I love this blouse. it reminds me of something out of europe with the swiss dot and crochet delicate sleeves. i ordered the xsp and it fits perfect. i'm 4' 11" so the shortness of the top isn't a factor. the material drapes nicely and doesn't make me look wide or boxy. i was afraid that the sleeves were going to be overly puffy put luckily they are not. the only thing to note is that the color is more on the tan / beige side rather than pink. i find with a lot of retailer tops that the colors are	Knits
While i love this top ( beautiful color and pattern) i found it to be a bit short. if it were a few inches longer i would be thrilled. i'm 5'8 , curvy, and have a long torso-- so that may be the problem. i will say that within 2 hours of wearing this, i had 5 strangers stop me and comment re: how pretty it is. i am keeping it :)	Knits
I really lived the detail , fabric, and quality of this tank. however, the sizing seemed disproportionate. it was tight through the bust and loose the waist. i really loved all the colors i purchased online but had to return them because of the sizing.	Knits
I tried on this dress in store and was amazed by the quality and simple structure of the dress. bought it with no hesitation.	Dresses
Absolutely beautiful dress. i'm 5'11 and this dress works for tall girls:))	Dresses
No need to be on the fence about this top, it's lovely! what you see pictured here, is exactly what you get, even the color of the top is 100% accurate. for reference i'm usually an xl/16, apple shape, 40 c bust, and this xl does not cling at all to me, so you may even be able to size down. the drape of the clipdot fabric is flattering, and thick enough not to need a cami. all of the fabrics used are nice and soft... and the details! it's going to be a beautiful spring!	Knits
I saw this dress a few weeks ago in the store, tried it on but didn't have anywhere in mind to wear it so i passed. noticed it on sale online and had to order. it is so comfortable and flattering. the material is thicker therefore it keeps a nice shape. not slinky at all.	Dresses
This top is my favorite spring item. the color is a soft petal, but it doesn't wash me out (i'm a sandy paleface), and the details make it special. the cut is a little wide (i sized down), but it's also forgiving and perfect with slim pants or a pencil skirt. it's really a find.	Knits
Runs large and it also had a small hole in the back had to return it.	Knits
The idea of this dress is lovely. the fabric is pleasing to the touch. the print manages to be eye catching but understated. i don't know my exact measurements but i typically wear an extra small and i rarely have fit issues with off the rack clothing. i read the other reviews about the odd fit but decided to take a chance. i ordered an extra small in this dress and the bottom half fits perfectly. the top fits poorly. i have a fairly athletic build but it is a bit too large for my shoulders. how	Dresses
This is a very pretty, feminine top with nice detailing.	Knits
Love the shape and flow of this dress. but i was sent a dirty stained dress so this is going back.would not recommend	Dresses
The blouse is gorgeous. the detail to the blouse is outstanding and it is very feminine. from the pictures, front and back, there appears to be flow to it and room. however, my general size m was absolutely gigantic. it was like a tent. i was speechless when i looked in the mirror. i debated tapering it and then thought that's just too much effort. i'm going to return and see if i can order in 2 sizes smaller. i'm 5'1 and a 36c, if this helps.	Knits
This dress is made of a wonderful, thick material that is flattering. i think the photo doesn't really bring it to life- it's a great dress that can dressed up and is at least a 3 season dress thanks to the colors. the v-neck is a little deep if you are bustier but not inappropriate for a slightly more casual office. it runs a bit large and the fabric has some give so i would potentially size down. i also think if you are more narrow shouldered it might not be the best fit without a nip and tuck	Dresses
I love this tank to wear alone because it is soft and more lovely than a basic plain tank. it is especially great to layer with a sweater/ cardigan. the colors are always fabulous and the design is wonderfully feminine. i own several and love them all. it's a great value especially on sale. i normally wear a size 6 and the small fits perfectly.	Knits
Like others, i think this is just lovely on so many levels. however...____________pros:- great color, will match with many things.- great design at the sleeves and overall.- the "v-neck" part isn't too low.- fabric is pretty comfortable and breathable for the most part._____________cons:- it is boxy/wide. for my height and weight, the medium fit well, but i noticed it made my torso look shorter. plus, i'm a 36c (not huge, but to retailer's standards, i've had issues with things b	Knits
The details on this blouse are so pretty. it is a bit wide, but it flows nicely. it is also a little shorter than a lot of tops, but i think it will work nicely with higher waisted flares this spring. the sleeve is very flattering. i got medium, my normal size.	Knits
I love this top! it is sheer, so wear a cami, but it so pretty, i will wear it a lot! a winner for sure.	Knits
Beautiful and delicate!!	Knits
This dress is beautiful and extremely flattering- i have an hourglass shape, and this dress highlighted that perfectly. the pictures online do not do it justice.	Dresses
This top is awesome!! it is feminine and flattering at the same time! the color also makes it a little romantic. i will wear it with jeans or very a little dressier night out, black pants. buy this and you will not be disappointed!	Knits
Love this dress! accents your curves and slims you waist!	Dresses
I am giving this dress 3 stars bc it's pretty and i bought it, but i'm going to need to get it altered big time. i got the 00 and it's too big on top, but this is the type of dress that should be fitted on top. i am a small person, but this fit more like a 4 or 6. print is beautiful though. wayyy prettier than the pic. i suggest getting 2 sizes down. i could see it being extremely gorgeous if it fits correctly!	Dresses
I'm 5"1, 115 and bought the small. i buy most retailer tops in xs but the small fit well - not too tight and is flattering. the colors are as seen and are a soft muted color. the material is thin which is fine for hot weather and i haven't washed so can't say how colors will hold and how well material will hold but have high expectations for retailer apparel. this will work well to wear with shorts or a navy maxi skirt. adds a nice touch of color for spring and summer.	Knits
I usually wear a medium in tops from deletta so i would say this top is true to size. i personally loved the fit. in the front, the seam goes up slightly to follow the bust line. there are some gathers in that area as well so that any little bulges in the tummy area are hidden. the fabric falls nicely there. the seam at the waist on the side and back hit exactly at my waist. i love both of the prints. the tops seem to be well made. time will tell.	Knits
Very lovely dress!!! perfect in all ways. although i do find it to run big. i ordered the small, and i usually wear a 4 to 6 in a dress. there is a lot of fabric, but it lays nicely. it's mostly just the arm hole. it's rather large showing the strapless bra. so, deciding if i should size down, if there isn't a huge change in sizing, or keep and have altered.if anyone has tried in both the xs and sm i will watch for comments overall size differences. i have the black and white, and wish now i wo	Dresses
The photo does not do this top justice. the design of this peplum is very slimming and the colors are complimentary to any skin tone. i usually wear a m (10) but purchased the l based on other reviews. it fits perfectly. would highly recommend!	Knits
I love the feel and drape of silk. this dress has lovely drape, and fantastic color. i think if paired with the right sweater and leggings, this will work well into the fall, and also transition into other seasons if you are savvy! the only awkward point about this dress is that you must wear a belt with it if you have an hourglass shape, otherwise it's a beautiful swing fit.	Dresses
Based on other reviews that this top ran large, i ordered this online in two sizes. both seemed to fit alright in my chest (although the chest fit tighter in the smaller size), and both were much too big on the bottom. the front bottom of this shirt has a series of pleats, so the bottom of this top really, really, really flared out away from my hips. the length seemed fine on me (5'10"). the material is very thin, and i could see my nude bra through the white pattern.	Knits
Love this top! bought it in the relish color - loved it so much bought the green too! usually wear a small but the medium was perfect.	Knits
I love this top. fit is perfect for me. shows just the right amount of cleavage. wore it to dinner on my birthday and got a ton of compliments!	Knits
Cute pattern, but the shirt is very thin and runs small and short!	Knits
Have worn this top multiple times with jeans. neckline makes even those of us who are small busted look great up top!	Knits
This top is all around great for summer... i've worn it to festivals, for casual workwear, etc. love the colors, they're vibrant. this top could even be worn on the warmer days of fall with a light jacket over it.	Knits
Just bought the patterned and gray. the small fit perfect. i do have a short torso though. chest size 32dd. i tried the medium but then the underarm portion was too wide. i might have gotten a medium petite but small petite would have been too small i think. i hope the quality holds up which was the only thing i wasn't sure of. great summer tank to throw on with jeans or shorts.	Knits
I have been eyeing this dress for months and finally, a sale. the pattern is beautiful and is a great quality. the fit:it is a swing dress, so if you are a bigger girl, this may not be flattering; try a belt though. the high neck could be a bother for some-it does fit close to the neck, but not tight.also, size down...two sizes. i do usually a medium and i went with a petite small.finally, this dress can be worn in summer and winter. i do a belt and a blazer for office and a light sweater for	Dresses
I love this dress and would have bought it on the spot without hesitation if i just had an event to wear it to! i am plus sized (18 pants, 16 dress, 5' 7", 36-38 ddd) and i never size down but i was able to with this dress because it is so flowy. the dress hit just below my knee and the only fit difference i saw when i tried on the petite is that it was slightly shorter (still no thigh showing). this would be flattering on absolutely anyone! if you are worried about bulges this dress will give y	Dresses
I purchased the purple motif in petite size small. it hits just the right length for me, but i can see that if i were any larger chested, it might be an issue. (for reference, i'm a 32d, 5'4, 112lb.) it's very forgiving on the tummy area, without looking bulky (other moms know what i'm talking about and understand my appreciation for this). the shirt is also a nice quality, really comfortable, and it's easy to wear with jeans, shorts, skirts, etc., making it a welcome versatile piece.	Knits
This was really cute and fit true to size. the only thing i didn't love was the dip on the top left side of the tank near the cleavage. i probably shouldn't have been surprised since it actually shows up in the picture on the model, but it doesn't lay flat correctly there like the right side. either way, it's still very flattering and cute.	Knits
I purchased the coral color. i'm usually between an xs and small in this brand, and i felt the top runs a tad small, so the small fit much better. simple and flattering top.	Knits
I really love this top, great colors, comfortable, long enough (always a problem for me), light but feels quality fabric and nice details.	Knits
Definitely size down, the waist and chest were baggy in my normal size s.	Knits
This shirt is so cute. very casual. looks and fits exactly like the model and a basic retailer fit around the waist.	Knits
Very true to size. i'm a sm-med or 6-8. my sizing varies widely at retailer and this was a perfect medium fit.adorable with jeans or shorts. or dress up with suit or pencil skirt.i have the blue/green.	Knits
Great shirt. i couldn't picture the material but it's washable and great for hot days when you want to look styling.	Knits
This dress is gorgeous, but the cut of the neck and arms is designed for girls with a slim frame only. i wish it worked? the fabric and pattern are beautiful. sad to send it back.	Dresses
The pattern and fabric are very nice! i'm usually an 8/m for dresses. it was very narrow across the top (and i have a small chest), but hung very low in the armpit. i guess if you're small up top, this might fit better.	Dresses
This is a perfect casual too to pair with jns and shorts for spring!!	Knits
This top is beautiful and fits true to size, 4ft 11inches and 114 lbs and i purchased the xs. i was at the montclair location today and they had this top in white, lavendar, the pattern which is displayed online and gray. the white was see through so you will definitely have to wear an under garment with it. this top will be perfect for the spring with a cardigan or by itself in the summer. i still have a little stomach left over from my second pregnancy and this top hides it well. i decided to	Knits
I love this tank - the colors are great and the fit is flattering. the fabric is lightweight but not cheap or so thin that you need to wear something under it. i am 5'7" and the length was fine for me.	Knits
I received tons of compliments on this dress. the print is fun and works well with the modest shape. i love the high neckline and the long hem. it's different and cool.my only complaint: the arm holes fall super low. i didn't realize until i looked at photos but my bra was very visible.	Dresses
I purchased this top on sale and it's almost perfect. the pleats under the rib cage make the bottom bell out a little bit - not enough to make me want to return it, but i'm glad i didn't pay full price!	Knits
I purchased the teal/blue version and the colors are slightly muted, but very pretty. i wish it were a tad bit longer, but if you're looking for a shirt that does not look like a tunic, this is ideal. it's cotton, so it feels like a t-shirt, but with a much more elevated design and cut. a cute and easy top!	Knits
I was impressed with the textured knit of this piece, which looked nicer in person than online, and the open neckline with a contrasting stripe. i really liked that the whole bodice was lined with a sewn-in lining from neck to hem (minus the sleeves). i would have loved the dress overall but my usual size small was snug at the hips and it would have just made me too self-conscious for that reason. sadly, i have to return mine, but i would certainly recommend the style for someone with slim hips,	Dresses
Love the style and cut of this top, but fabric is quite thin. tts if not a tad on the small side. i'm small busted so my usual medium was fine. undecided if i'm keeping this top or not.	Knits
I bought 2 in the store. i usually order large petite but i was in the store which doesn't have petites, so i tried a large, and it was tight in the bust, but i loved the shape. i ended up buying xl's and taking them up at the shoulders to make it a petite fit. gives me a small looking waistline.	Knits
I did not purchase because it was too low cut for my liking, but otherwise really liked this top. i am wearing a medium in the photos and my measurements are 38-30-40 for reference	Knits
I bought this in blue and love it. i usually wear an xs to small in retailer shirts and a small to medium in dresses. i ended up with an extra small petite in this. it is really flattering and hides the stomach enough. i highly recommend the dress if you size way down.	Dresses
I absolutely love this top. i thought it was going to be to big but it fits perfectly. fitted and flattering.	Knits
This is my favorite kind of neckline. it is very flattering & cool for summer. my only complaint is the armpit scoops down a little too low. but i will just wear a bandeau underneath it. its super cute. will be great for vacationing & next summer.	Dresses
Per the other reviews i sized up and got the medium. it was still tight around the girls (and i'm not that well endowed), but too big in the armholes. the fabric is a kind of thin tee shirt material. i kept it (because i'm lazy) but not sure how much i'll wear it given the strange fit.	Knits
I love how it fits very flattering! the quality of the cotton part of this top is a little less in quality of that fabric than i expected. but i love this top and i foresee wearing it all year round!	Knits
The sizing and length are great had it not been for my chest area. i sized up from my usual medium but the pleats create a maternity look for me unfortunately. it truly is a great tank top!	Knits
This top is adorable ,i finally broke down and bought it,so happy i did fits good,not too long sits at hip were it should (very flattering) i went with the reviews and sized up,i am a petite sx normally in retailer,but went with what the reviews said and got a reg small glad i did!it is a bit snug(not tight) in the chest,but has stretch to it , i am 5'1 108 33d (if you are bigger in the chest i would recommend a medium,) i got the purple motif (print) no see thru issues,the material is a comfortab	Knits
The top is adorable, but probably better to wait for a sale as the full price is a little high for a simple top like this. i got the print one and it's very true to size.	Knits
I love the fit of the peplum top. it's flattering without being too full on the bottom. the print is lovely and great for summer and spring!	Knits
Normally i would never try on anything with horizontal stripes.... but for some reason, i saw it in my store and gave the dress a try. fit is perfect, and dress is lined. (side note: my store had the navy dress and the stripes are horizontal and not diagonal as pictured on the model- dress looks like the ivory dress.) can be dressed up or down, so ill be a great summer go to dress. i am a curvy girl and because of the different widths of the stripes the dress works and is very flattering. i'm ve	Dresses
I ordered my usual size small in this top (34c) and it just fits across the chest. very cute top.	Knits
My normal size m fit well but i wouldn't want it to shrink any. hangs well.	Knits
I absolutely love this top! i bought it in white and ended up buying it in the lavender as well. the top is very flattering and works with any occasion. the fabric is a little thin but its fine with a nude bra. i have worn the top to work and out at night and i always get lots of compliments!	Knits
When you look at the online pictures of the navy colored dress, the stripes are diagonal. however, that is not the case with the dress in person. the stripes are all horizontal and not that flattering. such a bummer because i love maeve dresses and thought this would be a great addition to my summer dress rotation. alas, not very flattering, so back it goes.	Dresses
Absolutely fantastic top, the cut is very flattering and the colors are gorgeous in the pattern (i also bought the white).	Knits
Went to the chicago michigan ave location and found this gem in the "take a peek" section... i think that's what it's called. anyway... been looking for a plane white top to wear with a red lace pencil skirt and this fit the bill! wore it today with a grey midi skirt and sneakers and looks adorable! it does flare a little and makes me feel like i'm wearing a maternity top but i don't care i love it! went back to another retailer location and purchased the lilac one! can't wait to wear that one	Knits
The print is beautiful, the fabric has a nice weight. i actually bought this because i'm early in pregnancy and wanted a dress i can wear during the transition period - because of its swing shape, this is one of those rare dresses that looks good on me now and will still look good on me in 6 months when i've got a huge belly.fit-wise: i am 5'9, 155 lbs, 34d, and ordered a large, but i am exchanging it for a medium. the arm holes are also a bit large.	Dresses
Very nice quality!! awesome style, the fabrics is so soft but very durable!! this top will be great with jeans or a denim skirt!!	Knits
I gave this in her brighter rose colored print and love it! i get many compliments on this top! i did size up from my usual small to a medium to accommodate the girls :)	Knits
Made of casual materials, perfect for drinks or to be used as a vacation top. has a very flattering cut and pretty design with chiffon trim on top.	Knits
This top is perfect for summer. it delivers style without the bulk. the peplum hit perfect for my 5'4 frame. unfortunately it was too low cut in the front. i had to return it.	Knits
This shirt is very flattering, which is not the case for all peplum tops. v-neck is appropriate for work. looks great with jeans or khakis. highly recommend! only con is that the material is quite thin. 5'3" 115 lbs and xs fit perfectly.	Knits
I tried this on in-store. it is super cute! i am waiting for it to go on sale because i wasn't sure it was completely worth the price. if you are in-between sizes, take the larger size.	Knits
I bought my usual size medium and it's huge on me. if i sized down, my chubneck wouldn't be comfortable. the buttons are frustrating. the color, the pattten, the style are 100% gorgeous! i think i will belt mine	Dresses
Great material, pattern and cut. perfect summer top	Knits
I love this top! i ordered the print, and it will go perfectly with blue or white jeans, and even coral shorts. very flattering. i did go up a size (from xs to s) based on other reviews, and i'm glad i did. the larger size fits perfectly at the bust and falls just below the hip.	Knits
Fun pattern which goes with just about anything. cool for summer. very comfortable. fitted style but true to size.	Knits
Adorable! very pleased with the quality of the fabric and the very comfortable fit. i'm sure i'll wear this with jeans, as pictured, but can also see it with a breezy summer skirt.	Knits
But, saldly, no....i tried the multicolored version in a size m and l. the fabric is almost good, though a touch sheer and perhaps problematic for washing. the real issue, though, is the fit.fyi: 36c, broad shoulders/back, high waisti typically wear a m in a knit top, but the waistband was tight and not forgiving. i think that the problem was that this is a top with a long waist. when i tried to put the waistband where it wanted to be (longer) it made the peplum stand out in an odd way from my	Knits
I was nervous about buying this without trying it on, but i followed the size chart and wasn't disappointed! it's flattering thanks to the fitted upper-half and the forgiving peplum bottom-half. overall, it's thin, light, and airy.	Knits
I was so excited to get this top in the mail. i loved the colors, print, cut, everything. i put it on and was so disappointed, the top looks so much better on the model. i don't know if i should have gone down a size (i go between an xs and s), but it looked terrible on me! my husband took one look at me in it and said that's being returned. still disappointed	Knits
Love the fabric, print, and cut! it's a smidge low in the neckline, but that's probably because i'm busty. nice and breezy for our blazing hot and humid florida summers.	Knits
I love the teal/aqua version. the colors are very pretty and look great with jeans. i got a medium. it runs a tiny bit small but a lot of fitted tops at retailer run smaller on me. i like the style a lot and the peplum is great.	Knits
This dress references that it is off the shoulder in the description. but i did not find it to be so; it fits me as pictured on the model - sort of a ballet neck or wide scoop neck. in any case, the fabric is as pictured. and - it's lined! yay - not see through. the varying sizes of stripes give it interest despite the neutral colors. it is cute with a denim jacket and is really comfortable.	Dresses
I was looking for a flowier top to wear under cardigans, and this is pretty perfect. it is more sheer than i would like, but because i am wearing it as a bottom layer, i'll overlook that. the fit is great and the peplum is a cute detail to make this layering piece a little different.	Knits
Love this top - on sale, i bought two of this color, a grey and the green, i never buy more than one of anything unless i absolutely love it ! complimentary to the body, and the colors are beautiful. i'm 5'2" there were no pxs so i opted for xs, perfect... thanks retailer ??	Knits
Purchased on sale, would have never purchased at full price. runs small and runs short. will be returning.	Knits
I kept this one because it was different enough and good to wear casually and to work. i'm not sure how this material will hold up with washing, since it's basically a thin cotton material. it fits perfectly, so i'm worried that it will shrink. i give it a thumbs up for the design, but sale cost and material is like something you would find at forever 21.	Knits
Love the design (i got the blue and green one). it was more see-through than i thought but the pattern covers it so it doesn't matter what color bra you wear.	Knits
It's a very pretty top. a little tight in front at the bust. i'm giving it 3 stars because the fabric is very flimsy and looks cheap.	Knits
This dress is amazing! the photos do not do it justice! runs a tad large - definitely can size down.	Dresses
Unique, sophisticated and versatile summer dress that you will fall in love with. dress it up with heels for a night at the gallery or dress is down with a denim jacket for an easy day look. it needs no accessories. this silk dress is soft and it lays beautifully. you will want to wear it all summer long. fits tts. love it!	Dresses
When i saw the dress online i thought the print was beautiful and fun, and was not disappointed when the dress came in. the material is very soft, breathable, and easy to wear. i dress it down with a jean jacket or a jean vest but it can easily be worn by itself. it's definitely a delight go to dress for the weekends.	Dresses
This is a lovely dress - however, there is a weird flap of fabric under the bow that doesn't sit right. it feels a little like a bib. if i could get it to sit right, i would keep it. every angle of the dress is lovely except for head on - which is a small problem.	Dresses
The perfect dress for dinner date or summer weddings. or traveling. love this dress. not sure on washing yet since it is a silk dress. extremely comfortably and beautiful. i can't recall the last time i bought a new dress.	Dresses
According to the label, this dress can be hand washed or dry cleaned. i hand washed and line dried per the instructions on the label, and all the seams have completely shrunk and gathered. it looks like there's a drawstring running through every seam. so disappointed in the quality and the labeling. awful! i gave it one extra star because it's cute.	Dresses
I liked this dress but wasn't sure about the color on me. i tried it on anyway. originally, i tried on the 0, but it seemed big so i ordered the 00. also usually i order petite, but this dress is already short (and i am not getting younger), so i went with regular size this time. color was not bad on my pale skin, i think the hue was ok (surprisingly). one thing that might bug the perfectionist in me, the zig zag isn't always aligned, the waist, for instance was crooked, but if it is like that e	Dresses
This dress makes my heart skip a beat. it's beautiful, soft and colorful. it's a lovely midi length which can be tricky for 5'5" lil ole me but it's perfect. it has slits up the side for an easy breezy look. the fabric is so silky & pretty form fitting if you buy the right size. i'm a solid 4. have bought heaps of dresses from retailer and i can't stop, won't stop.	Dresses
Comfortable, great fit and beautiful colors. the interesting thing is that in this picture, it shows the dress just below the knee. i am 5'5" so totally average height, but the dress falls just above my ankles., which i personally think is way more attractive. not sure if there are two versions of this dress, but be careful if you buy online. i got mine in the glendale store.	Dresses
I live in hawaii and always looking for a comfortable light and breezy dresses, this was perfect. the colors are gorgeous, the fit is true to size and it is extremely comfortable. dress it up or dress it down with a denim jacket and you will be definitely love it. i am thrilled i made the purchase!!	Dresses
I loved the styling of this dress the first time i saw it. i ordered it and i slipped it on and wow! it is super comfortable. the darts at the waist add shape and interest. the shape highlights the waist. the fabric is cozy without being weighty. i did find it ran large and wish there was an xxs available. my husband loved it and he doesn't like anything! it is likely that the reviewers who think that t looked like a nightgown may have needed a smaller size. i think this one is a diamond in the	Dresses
Hadn't really looked at this dress till i saw it in person in the store. so i tried it on. i'm only 5'1 and 140 lb. busty on top so i tried the 8. it was a smidge snug, decided since the dress has no give to go with a 10. would have liked this in a petite for the shorter length, but it's back ordered till august and i really wanted to take it with me on vacation. its just above my ankles in regular length, which will work and i can up the score with some wedges. this dress fits like a dream and	Dresses
I do not have a waist that goes "in". i either have to wear shift dresses that are cut slim, or find "fit and flare" pieces that create a waist for me. this is the latter. it's really cute, different and flattering. it has a nice mix of graphic sophistication with a somewhat romantic silhouette. it is gauzy with ruffles and tiers. the off-white slip underneath is great for a couple reasons: it provides a nice underlayer that is just visible underneath the "turtleneck" top, cutting the school-mar	Dresses
Bought this dress online and it came in missing a button. the dress is really pretty, and comes with a tan linen slip. i bought a size down because the dress runs a little large. also the sleeves are kind of puffy but overall the dress is elegant and pretty.	Dresses
Fell in love with this dress when i saw it online and ordered it right away. however i was sadly disappointed once it arrived. while the cut is cute, the fabric is just all wrong. i was expecting a nice, heavy knit-like material, but this feels and looks really cheap - especially given the price of the dress. sadly it is going back.	Dresses
Again, nope. looks chic on the model, looked like a floor-length flannel nightgown on me. if you'd put a bonnet on me and stuck a candlestick in my hand, i could double for ebenezer scrooge in "a christmas carol." i believe the word i used to describe it when i tried it on was "shmata" (yiddish for "rags). it looked like i was wearing a rag. the ruching didn't do anything to flatter my figure, the knit did not seem terribly warm for a sweater (felt more like rayon or nylon jersey than a knit swe	Dresses
The simple shape of this silky & comfortable shift is transported by the fun psychedelic pattern. the fabric is lightweight and drapes very nicely because of the lining. i purchased the size 10 petite to accommodate my 36dd bust/wide rib cage and it fits perfectly. the high neck is fastened with a single hook. versatile and comfortable and a clear winner for spring and summer. for sizing reference my other stats are 5'3" tall, 140#, m/l on top, s/m on bottom.	Dresses
I decided to try this dress on based on the other reviewer's positive words, and i wasn't disappointed! it's so cute and stylish. i plan to wear with black boots. i'm 5'6", 120 lbs, 34c, wear a 2 or 4, and i got a 4. one thing - at the waist, the pattern breaks a bit and doesn't match perfectly. i tried on a second dress and liked its pattern more than i did that of the first i tried.	Dresses
Here's an example of lowering a hemline and slapping the term 'petite' on it. too much fabric, was bulky, and ran too small. the fabric was thin and pulled awkwardly over the bust. returned..	Dresses
I had a really, really difficult time reviewing this dress. the instant i touched it, i wanted to love it! in theory, it should have worked for me. fit and flare is usually a really great option for my pear shape. the silhouette shows off my thinner upper body and camouflages my thicker lower body. best of both worlds! however, as you can see for yourself in the photo, this dress makes me look pretty big. i'm a solid size 8 and i feel this dress makes me look like a 12. it really makes my middle	Dresses
I tried this on today because when i touched it, it was irresistibly soft. i like the orange, it was a loud orange-and i almost would have preferred some sort of design to it. i did not purchase this because at the end of the day it did not suit my style-it was very plain. i think you could dress it up with the addition of a belt or the right necklace, but i am not usually a fan of buying pieces that do not stand on their own and require an accessory. that said, it was very comfortable and soft	Dresses
This dress is everything i hoped it would be: flattering, cute, cozy	Dresses
When i first saw this dress i was in love. i adore mexican print clothing and i couldn't wait to try this on. unfortunately, it is not as described, and it looks better in the photo than in person. the dress looks like it is embroidered, and it is not- the design is printed. second, it is described as a stretch fabric-lycra spandex-there was no stretch at all except for the back waist which was elastic and the fabric was very stiff. it pulls on over your head and there is no zipper. i couldn't e	Dresses
I knew that the cut of this shirt was boxy, but this is huge. i wear a l or xl at retailer, and i got the m/l and was swimming in this top. sadly, this will be going back.	Knits
The dress has a flattering cut and is a nice color. but, the fabric looks like old, matted carpet. i will be returning.	Dresses
This dress fits beautifully. it is warm and comfortable. winter's gem.	Dresses
I bought this top in a small and it was true to size. loved that it wasn't too fitted across the back, but was still able to show a bit of body with the drawstring by the waist. it will become a wardrobe staple during the hot months in dallas.	Knits
I like design of the dress, softness and color ( i got grey), the dress is shorter on me then on model ( 5'6" 145 lbs) i got m fits ok but i don't like fabric quality it seems like it can be peeled and picks up everything and needs to be sprayed all the time. despite i got it with 40% discount it will come back as it's poor quality.	Dresses
This dress is by no means a statement piece, but if you're in need of a good basic to get you through winter, this is a great option. i'm normally a m or l (busty and hippy hourglass shape) and found it to fit tts in a l. (if you fall in-between two sizes but don't have larger hips or a larger bust like i do, you could probably size down to the smaller of your two sizes.) it goes great with black tights, tall black boots and a scarf. i didn't realize at the time i ordered it that the material is	Dresses
I've been looking for a new winter dress and this one fit the order! it's warm yet flattering and i love the color.	Dresses
I'm in love with this top! looks just like it does in the photos, except the colors are maybe a little more vibrant. it's definitely boxy, so you may not like it if boxy isn't your thing, but i think the pattern placement really works with the boxy shape. i usually wear a small in tops and the xs/s fits great. it's also machine wash and tumble dry which is a plus (although i haven't washed it yet). unique, chic, and effortless...order before it's gone!	Knits
I bought this dress in-store, and it's fantastic. i'm between a medium and a large, and i bought a large because it was the one available, and it's fantastic. some of the polyester is fraying between the seams, which is obviously not ideal, but i'm willing to overlook that for generally how great this dress is.	Dresses
This top is true to size and fits perfectly. color is very natural.	Knits
Cute style, cute color, cute cut. and i got it on sale!	Knits
I wanted so badly to keep this dress :( the print is beautiful in person, and the fabric feels pretty nice for a polyester. the waist silhouette is incredibly flattering--the way the waistline and pleats fall made me a look a lot slimmer. it'd be a great dress for dancing, since it flares wonderfully when you twirl. but the puffed sleeves looked a lot more poofy on me than they did on the model, and i wound up looking exactly like a picture of my mother from 1982. which isn't necessarily a bad t	Dresses
Soooo disappointed in this dress. the colors are beautiful for fall. the fabric feels luxe. the slip fits perfectly. the dress however is a hot mess. it is easily two times more fabric than needed to create a flow-y aline dress. huge everywhere. under the arms, and waist and hips. it's just an enormous tent. i am 5'8", 128 lbs. i ordered my usual size small. i looked shapeless in this. i can't think of any body type it would flatter. potentially, women quite far along in their pregnancy.	Dresses
I really wanted to like this dress on me, but it was not to be. the color is one of my favorites, but the dress accented all my problem areas. sadly, i returned it. i'm sure that someone with less substantial hips will look great in it.	Dresses
My friend and i both bought this in the "white" color in our usual sizes. the fabric is soft, the neckline is flattering and the drawstring is cute. hides a tummy beautifully. the store had the white and the green. the green color looks very different in person than it does online. in person, it is darker and more of a soft emerald green--not the pale green-gray pictured online.	Knits
I bought this to give room for an expanding tummy - i'm 6 months pregnant and this completely conceals the bulge. i suspect i will appreciate that in the spring when i'm actually trying to hide my leftover belly... it's incredibly soft and the top is wide enough to cover a bra strap. the arm holes are small enough to cover my parts but large enough to be comfy. i'm 5'5", medium build and normally wear a medium but got a large given my circumstances. a medium would have probably worked normal	Knits
I tried this on in the store in size xs regular in green and i was happy to see it covered my bra everywhere. but it was a little too long (i usually wear xspetite). so i ordered it in the bright red hoping it would be less orange than shown, which it was, but it was more pink and kind of hard to describe; maybe more salmon or coral... i went up from my usual size to spetite for fear that the armholes would've been too tight on xsp but they probably would've been fine and the spetite is a little	Knits
I love this blouse. the color is so pretty! i might even wear this to a holiday party. the tie looks great so many ways--love the versatility. i think i will get a lot of wear out of this blouse--with a pencil skirt, jeans or under a blazer.	Knits
I received this top in white, last fri., and have already worn it twice. it is the perfect top for hot weather because it doesn't cling to the body. the top layer is flowy and breathable. i plan on buying the blue one next to get me through the warm weather months.	Knits
I got the m/l and it's huge. usually wear a large. so size down! it's a striking top. but i decided not to reorder because i don't really need another short sleeve top. i tried it under a cardigan and of course it looses its appeal because you can't see the floral design. had to return.	Knits
So this is actually a holding horses dress, its mislabeled on the website. tts, a stunning vintage inspired piece, very 40's but timeless. the keyhole isn't too low cut, this is appropriate for work. beautiful drape and great lining - this dress can twirl! i am usually a xsmall/small and went with the small, fits perfectly though a bit loose in the waist but still very flattering - the xsmall would have been too tight in the shoulders. lovely dress!	Dresses
Love the color and overall design of this dress...but it's just going to have to go back. the view from the direct front and back are nice, but froth side the high waist and secure back make me look pregnant. not the look i'm going for especially at this price.the other oddity is that the white circle design is unfortunately placed! in the back it's all i see which is 'right' on a bulls-eye and the same on the front. i don't know how the designer missed this! it's the only white design on th	Dresses
Not at all tapered at waist as suggested here by photos. i have wide shoulders and am slim, and this made me look big all around. i am doubtful a smaller size would correct this- i am 5'10" and ordered a medium. also, it curls under a bit at the waist. one nice thing about the cream is that it is not see through. anyway, i purchased this to go with high waisted skirts but am returning.	Knits
This is such a flattering top. i bought it in green. the green is a cooler version of kelly green, not the muted green i see on my computer screen. i'm fair complected and that color looks great on me. i love the elastic at the waistband, which helps camouflage my mom belly. i wish they made more tops with blousy, elastic waists! i bought several new tops this summer and this is probably my favorite. after wearing it for a couple of weeks, i decided to remove the tie string, which hangs low; it	Knits
I didn't think much of this tank while perusing sale items on the website. but after reading the reviews i decided to order it. and it did not disappoint. i ordered the green, which is more vibrant in-person than on the website. and i wore it the next day, which is always a good sign. i loved it so much i quickly ordered the white too. it is flattering, stylish and comfortable - an excellent combination! i highly recommend this tank as a summer staple. it goes with everything.	Knits
Bought this dress on sale in the orange as i feel like everything i have is black. it is a pretty orange not too bright, more of a rust color. it is very soft as stated in other reviews and has a nice built in slip that is very comfortable. i worry about pilling down the road but will have to wait and see. i am not crazy about the seams down the chest area. i think they could be more flattering but overall the dress is comfortable, cute and easy to wear, a perfect dress for the fall/winter with	Dresses
Grabbed this tank on sale today in the green color. great tank. it is not thin like some other retailer tops. it actually is a double knit fabric which hides those imperfections we don't want anyone to see or worry about. the top runs a bit on the full side, so if you are in between sizes, i would go down one. this top is great to wear under any open sweater for the entire fall season. the green color is a jewel green so the top does not look summary at all.it is extremely comfortable a	Knits
This dress' style and color is very flattering. i think i will wear it in the spring and fall as well as the winter.the m fits me and i'm 5'8' and 140 pounds.	Dresses
I love this top! it's perfect for casual outings like a picnic or a movie in summer. it's material is thick enough to feel sturdy but still is very lightweight for summer. it's a little baggy in the front so if that bothers you then i'd size down one size from your normal. i bought my usual size of xs and it seems to fit perfectly. i'm tempted to buy this in more colors.	Knits
I love this top! i have all 4 colors in size large. i'm 5'9 170 lbs with a large bust. it's a loose fit that is very flattering. do not dry i wash in cold water and hang dry. first one i bought i dried and it shrunk quick a bit. if you are tall, size up.	Knits
This top is flowy, fluid and comfortable. the material is like a stretchy crepe. it's thin, but not sheer. well, i bought the bright red (maybe white is sheer?). oh, speaking of bright red, well it is! i mean, it is the most vibrant red. the photo on-line (at least on my screen) doesn't really do the red justice at all.the fit is true to size. the nice thing about this top is that it has movement and yet it isn't full of fabric and look like a maternity top. and, the armholes are not big. th	Knits
I ordered this dress before it became available in my local retailer store. i love the style of this dress but the fabric was not as expected. it is a heavy/fuzzy knit and i had envisioned something lighter and cleaner. i would love to see it in a different fabric! sadly returned it....	Dresses
I have been shopping at retailer for years and this is my first review - that is how much i love this dress!it is so incredibly comfortable. it is like wearing a cozy blanket. you guys, it twirls. :) i never received as many compliments on an outfit as i do when i wear this dress. (i bought the orange one). i am plus size and i don't wear a whole lot of knee length dresses. dresses in general are hard to find because they don't fit right so i was thrilled to find this. i am also thrilled that it	Dresses
It's just as cute in person as it was in the picture. the material is very, very soft and 'sweater like'. i ordered my usual size and it fit fine, but i usually wear my dresses a bit looser. i liked it well enough to return it for a larger size.	Dresses
Warm, cozy, can dress down/up, and is perfect for traveling. a great staple. as other people noted, the dress (if you buy your regular size) is a little more fitted than it looks on the model. size up if you prefer it to hang looser.	Dresses
Found this little surprise in store yesterday where thankfully one of my atlanta stores carries petites. the materials is wonderful - feels like cashmere. i got the rust which will be an anytime-anywhere piece!. recommend highly.	Dresses
I love wearing a dress at thanksgiving but don't want to be too dressy. this was perfect;: casual with a bit of sass and comfortable. it's also arm enough and super cute with booties. i'm 5'4" and small boned. the xs fit perfect.	Dresses
This tank top is comfortable and very cute. it hides my tummy, as well, which is a bonus! ordered in another color i love it so much	Knits
I love this jacket. it is stylish, yet has the softness of you favorite lounge wear. the faux fur gives it a touch of holiday fun, and, the fitted cut flatters your shape.	Knits
This material of this shirt is soft and appealing. great for fall. the side slits are longer than they appear in the picture so wearing it both tucked and untucked requires a layering shirt underneath.	Knits
I love the color and textures of this jacket.the shawl color adds interest while being cozy and fun. wish it ran a tad longer. otherwise a great mix and match piece.	Knits
I am very petite and ordered the xs. it is too big which is often the case. i gauge how much i like something by my willingness to spend even more money on alterations. i love this jacket so much that i am willing to go through that extra step. i love winter and this is a perfect winter top. the faux fur is very soft and cozy and has a rich look to it. i have yet to have it altered which is the only reason for my 4 stars under quality. i don't yet know how it will fit once complete. the fact tha	Knits
I purchased this jacket as a gift for my daughter for christmas. i thought it would look nice on her and i love retailer. she was very surprised and loved it. she wore the jacket the next day and it looked lovely on her. a very unique and beautiful addition to her wardrobe.	Knits
Great boho chic top. a bit over - sized but soft and love the colors!	Knits
Gorgeous colors, great neckline (can be worn off one shoulder), the slits on the side allow for wear as tunic or as half tucked. very cute.	Knits
If you're looking for a great day to night shirt this is it. perfect transition from the office to happy hour	Knits
Adorable soft top for the fall! i wanted to love it because of the colors and the fact that it is so retro! it was just way too big for me. i'm always a medium but in this i probably should have sized down. i still gave it 5 stars because it is so cute--just didn't fit me! sadly i will be returning this!	Knits
I tried this jacket on and found it extremely flattering. the knit is soft and feels more like a sweater than a jacket in that it isn't constricting. i am usually between a small and medium and the small was plenty big. the fur collar is a special touch. the one i tried on had several loose threads hanging from the seams and the seams puckered a bit here and there. i loved the jacket but did not feel that the quality in construction i would expect was there. however, the fit is so flattering i m	Knits
I was surprised at how soft this sweater is. i thought for a brief moment it was cashmere. i'm a little worried it might pill. we shall see!it is a pretty and classy sweater. will look great with jeans and heels or boots.it looks somewhat long on the model. it wasn't quite as long on me, which was a bit disappointing. i'm 5'7 with long torso (not abnormally long!). it's still a great sweater and will be great for upcoming holidays parties!	Knits
This sweater was far better than expected. very soft, and flattering. it's light to wear, but keeps me cozy in my freezing office. looks super cute with jeans and boots.	Knits
I tried this top in both colors. for the black, the lining looks much more peach in person. the main issue though is the diagonal line that runs through the middle of the top. you can see it in the picture, but is much more pronounced in person. it appears to be where 2 pieces of lace are sewed together and it just looks sloppy.the line is much less obvious in the navy, and looks much more seamless, perhaps because there is a transition between two colors of lace. the black lining is completel	Knits
I just received this top - it is stunningly beautiful, however, i will be returning it as it is very large. i am tall at 5'8" and typically wear a size 4. i purchased this in the size s but it was very large. i should have read the reviews about sizing before ordering, although i think both the xxs and xs were already sold out.	Knits
I love this top. i found it to be true to size. i usually wear a size large or extra large and the size large fit well. i really appreciate that the armholes are not gigantic and don't show underthings. i bought the navy/black and find that a navy cami works well under it. i like this with casual pants and jeans under an open front sweater for now and think it will be nice with a linen skirt or shorts in warmer weather. this is not a style i would usually wear but i found the two tone lace very	Knits
This skirt runs very large--even in the petite line. there was also no shape to the skirt (at least as it looked on my body). the color was nice (in the pink-grapeish hue), but ultimately the skirt just looked like a tent on my body (00p).	Knits
I purchased a small in this dress. 5'6" 34d. i could have gone with a medium if i wanted to wear a bra. this dress is not meant to be worn with one. it fit much better without. i liked the regular length as the dress is supposed to be a midi. this dress screams "summer" to me.	Dresses
I ordered the top from a store to have it shipped. it is very pretty but once on, it fit the wrong way. i got a small because i know that this designer tends to run tight across the bust. the shoulder was too rounded for this neck line. sleeves should have been either longer or sleeveless. the empire waist even on a smaller busted woman like myself was cut too high.	Knits
The fabric is so soft and completely lined; the straps are adjustable.this is the best summer dress ever!!! so comfortable and easy to just throw on. goes with a multitude of colors for your sandals and bags. i love this dress!i'm 5' 7", 137 lbs., and ordered a size medium, with plenty of room around the bust; no worry about arm holes being too big because you adjust the straps to suit your body. i love the below the knee length. i like comfy but you could easily size down.nice embroidery	Dresses
The colors are amazing. so vibrant and plentiful. the arm holes are fairly generous but not bad. i think it just adds to the loose fitting nature of the dress. i got a medium.. i'm 170 with a small chest. medium is my norm for maeve. the buttons in the back are difficult, you need help getting on, but getting off you can do solo. this dress makes your shoulders look really good!! it sits in a very flattering way.	Dresses
This blouse has a very cute style. the ruffles are really nice but why does it have to be so sheer? there is no way i could wear this to work without a cami. it also felt slightly on the small size - almost too tight for my normal size.	Knits
So comfy, great quality, not see thru at all, has a liner that you cant even tell is there. wish it was a little smaller- got an xxsp but going to keep it anyway, dont need a bra.	Dresses
Wow. i just love this dress. it hangs beautifully and is such a great length. shoulder straps adjustable, simple button closures in back. i wore it dressed up a bit with a sweater and then again more causal without. i got it on sale so it fit even better!! :)	Dresses
The material of the dress is gorgeous, but the armholes droop much too low under the arms. in addition, i am fairly broad shouldered and the cut across the chest is too narrow, exposing your "chicken wings" in an unflattering way. this is gorgeous on the model, so i would say narrow shouldered girls should order a size down and give it a shot!	Dresses
This dress is very well made. the fabric is thick enough for winter weather and is great for work or a nice party. i do not think the arm openings are too large at all.	Dresses
The fabric on this dress is gorgeous. i wish it was tailored a bit more because as it is, it looks like a muumuu. i wish it would have fit better, but i returned it.	Dresses
This is a pretty dress, but it runs at least one size too large. the silk is of good quality. it would be good for somebody who is slim and tall.	Dresses
I love this top it is cute with shorts, capris and jeans. it's really comfortable but looks put together and stylish. great for running errands to drinks with the girls. a good transition piece into fall with a light cardigan.	Knits
I really liked the fabric and look of this top, but i was swimming in fabric. there was so much that the top felt heavy. i returned it.	Knits
I saw this dress in store. at first i was not impressed because it was shapeless on but i added a belt and it was so much better. i styled it with my leather wrap around ada belt. looks great with a jean jacket or a leather jacket to make it look more chic.	Dresses
I didn't notice this dress online but it jumped out at me at the store. i sized down to a small as the bust and arm area seemed very loose in medium. (36b). it's very comfy and beautiful. i tried it with a belt, but quite honestly it doesn't need one and it looks so much nicer without one. not sure about what bra to wear ...likely strapless , or as one person said. .none.	Dresses
This top runs very large. i am a size 12/14 & purchased the size l. i could have easily fit in the size m. it's a pretty top in a comfortable knit fabric , but the size was overwhelming so i returned it.	Knits
Love the cotton knit, for the comfort, but from a distance this blouse looks dressier. the embroidery adds a nice flare. personally, i was happy that this is long enough to cover my bottom, as it gives it a nice lean look with skinny jeans and pants. i found that it ran a little bit, but choose to keep the size i ordered anyway.	Knits
Order a whole size down and this may work. i'm normally a 6-8 or a medium but this was huge. ordered the small because i loved the color/design. hopeful!	Dresses
I love everything about this dress! i love the colors - style and fit. it is so comfortable. i had so many people ask where i got it. i usually wear an xs or s in retailerpolgy dresses and i got this in an xs and it was perfect.	Dresses
I love how boho, colorful and comfy this dress is. sometimes you just want to wear your comfiest bra and not worry about a dress that doesn't cover the straps. they were out of the petite small so i went with the small. i am 5' 125 lbs, and it fits perfectly, just more of a midi length. no problemo!	Dresses
I saw this dress and had to have it. it is very cute and comfortable. i have fuller hips, so i'm not sure about the stripe across the widest section of my body. the arm holes are a little gaping as well as other reviewers have mentioned. i bought the medium which fits well everywhere, but the arm holes. i think the small would fit me everywhere, but the hips. so, i'm on the fence of whether to keep it. i do like the dress and it is of good quality; it just may not be the right fit for me. i'm a	Dresses
Beautiful dress, i like the length and cut. nice material. runs a bit big. i think it'll look nice with a belt. great colors.	Dresses
Nice dress, but the leather seats of my car were ruined when the sharp metal beads on the back made deep scratches~ not fun at all. now i must carefully take them out, bad design feature.	Dresses
I got lots of compliments on this dress as expected. the arm holes are a little large, meaning low. but other than that i love it.	Dresses
I'm taking this to hawaii for the holidays, i'm wearing it with black calf length tights and a black belt. it is fine without tights, i just like that look. it is a really great dress.	Dresses
This dress pops! gorgeous colors and simple, classic flowy design. i thought it ran a little big, i ended up with xs for best overall fit in chest and a more streamline flow. 34b for reference.	Dresses
This top is so soft and with a henley neck opening and longer ribbed shirttail hems, it not only feels heavenly against the skin but it gives off a casual chic vibe. it is also great for layering under shorter sweaters and sweatshirts to give my staples a little oomph. it is a bit sheer so cami is a must. i am also not sure how well it will hold up after washings, especially since it's priced quite high. i love it so much that i will most probably end up keeping it it is true to size. i ordered	Knits
I really liked this top the minute i saw it online, long enough and elegant at the same time. i'm 6 ft tall and i like to wear my stuff loose & have my back well covered. i usually get m/l depending on the fabric and style, got this top in l. this top however turned out to be larger than expected, there is plenty of room on the sides, and that bottom part is made of a thinner cotton material. the fabric of the top is not as soft as it may look, but the pullover is still very cute, maybe after fe	Knits
I was on the fence about keeping but the more i tried it on, the more i liked it. i feel like it will be a great winter casual top the reason i was on the fence was because its pretty big. i'm 5'4 and 108 and the xs is pretty voluminous on me. it's just so darn different and feminine though that i'm going to live with the fact that there is so much material. i think it is still cute. the fabric is also really soft on the inside so it will be cozy too.	Knits
I bought this to go with the pants they had online & i love them together. the sweater seems thin for the price but i still love it.	Knits
I absolutely love this dress. the color is beautiful and saturated, the fit is spot-on and so flattering. i ordered my usual size 10 - for reference i am 5'9", 170# 34f bra and 40-41" hips. i love this brand!	Dresses
I ordered this in size xl and it is now a favorite of mine. the sleeves are tighter on me than pictured. i've had great luck with this brand and was a little surprised that the sleeves were cut tighter than typical. the material has a little give so i was able to stretch that out a bit. everything else was true-to-size. the sleeves are a little long but i don't need to cuff them.the lace detail & the peplum are so pretty. it's a perfect option for cold weather. it did shrink a little, even wit	Knits
I bought this cardigan online and loved it as soon as it arrived. i bought it on my usual small but it fit very big. this is a nice unusual looking cardi and has a very sporty style , so i wouldn't use it in the office. the material is very soft and slightly on the thin side. i am 5'4" and 160lbs. i had to return it because the small was too big and couldn't find a xs at the store or online.. size down.	Knits
This is a cute casual dress. i've received many compliments and wear it a lot. i deducted one star because the dress is pilling in some places (mostly expected friction areas, but others as well). also the back of the dress started to rip at the stress points for the button up area. i mended it, but it should have been reinforced to begin with for a dress at the original price point.	Dresses
I love this dress ! my husband loves this dress on me !i ordered on line, it did not come in my usual 4, and it was only in petite. i ordered the 0petite. it fits fine, a little shorter than expected, but i am 5'2" so it is fine.very well made and lined.	Dresses
Saw this online when it first came up and thought it looked lovely. i purchased a different pleated dress and decided i didn't need a second pleated dress. was at my local retailer and they had one pink dress in a size 4 and a blue in a 0. decided to try them both on. the zero actually fit perfectly and at the sale price i had to have it. the material is beautiful, little details like the ruffled hem are lovely. one i will wear for years. thinking about getting the link but the blue is lovely. i'm	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. it is not meant to be super form fitting so in my opinion it was true to size altho i could see how others may want it to be more so in which case, size down. it came wrinkled but they make it in petite so they are forgiven and the material is such that i'm not sure how it could be prevented.	Dresses
I absolutely loved this dress and when i received it, it was exactly the way it looked/fit online. the material is so pretty and the fit was amazing. it was a bit wrinkled, but i'm used to ironing things, so that didn't bother me. unfortunately, i had to return it though because of the color. i'm filipino, and this yellow just isn't flattering on someone with dark/tan skin. yellow is a tricky color for me to begin with, but this was more of a mustard yellow and just totally wrong for my coloring	Dresses
I love this shirt but it was huge! i ordered a small and i was drowning in it. unfortunately i had to return it.	Knits
This dress is not form fitting and some might consider it a little "shapeless". however, the color is stunning, the quality is great, and its a great dress for a wedding where you want to stand out but not have to worry about anything too constricting. great for dancing the night away - the under layer and frill at the bottom are perfect. i am very pleased with this purchase!	Dresses
The color of this dress is gorgeous and i really wanted to love it. but, it was awful. i am 5'9'' and the length was fine. the problem is the lack of shape which made me look 50 - 100 lbs heavier than i am. it would make a great maternity dress since that is what it already looks like.	Dresses
This dress is a good casual summer dress. the material is thin and feels nice on. the dress was very wrinkled when it arrived but that came out very easily and the fabric doesn't really wrinkle easily after initial wash and steam. the color is very vibrant and the fit is loose. however, if you have a larger chest (i'm a 34c), the hook and eye closure dones come undone. overall a good purchase. it looks good with a belt as well.	Dresses
Awful color, horribly wrinkled and just a mess...so disappointed	Dresses
I loved this dressy ruffle sweatshirt. i am long waisted and these often look too short on me but this one fit perfect and actually accentuated my curves in a good way as opposed to making me look "puffy!"	Knits
Very pretty top. however you absolutely need to try it on before ordering. fit well in the chest area but way too big in the sides - i looked pregnant. had to return.	Knits
I love this dress. the length is great and the dress just feels great. the material is raw silk (which i love) and the sizing does run a tad large, but with the make of the dress. i can lose weight and still wear the dress. well made and the buttons in back are super cute.	Dresses
Love trying things outside my usual style, thought this might look like a sack but fell in love! looks effortless, easy to accessorize, dress up or down & comfortable. keeper! want to try it with platform sneaks for casual look.	Dresses
I ordered a size 4, my usual size is a 4 or 6. the tunic fit well through the torso, but the arm length was too short and hit just below the elbow. the sleeve interfered with arm bending and moving. i have petite proportions so the arm length of regular size garments is usually too long. i don't want to go up in size because the body of the tunic might be too roomy.	Dresses
Bought this in pink for a wedding this summer. the dress detail is noted as a "swing silhouette" & should be perfect for twirling on the dance floor. the bit of orange under layer peaking out from underneath is just the right amount of contrast to the bright pink. a pair of heels will make this dress look perfect!	Dresses
Completely oversized top, size medium was swimming on me.....boxy, baggy, shapeless -- what more can i say? even in an xs this would not have fit in any way like the photo, returned.	Knits
This dress has a beautiful color and design. however it runs too big. i'm usually between size 2 or 4 on antropologie's cloths. i had to size down to size 0 to get a more fitted look like the model.	Dresses
I found this piece very boxy and not very feminine. i tried to make it work but i just wasn't feeling it the material is thin and the design is boring. unfort, it wasn't for me.	Knits
I thought this top looked adorable. and the material was soft. tops like these don't usually look great on someone who is a little bit busty, it can make you look fat or like you're wearing maternity. but the real issue was the arm holes were large and seemed to gape a bit. it just didn't look flattering. even if you wore a cute, lacy bandeau bra, the way the material sticks out around the arm holes would still look awkward. too bad, since it is a cute top, and well made.	Knits
I am usually a size small and had to size down to an xsmall. as mentioned in another review, it runs large in the armholes and across the bust, which is why i'm counting off one star. the armholes are also cut in quite a bit, so i will wear either a strapless or racerback bra. i am fairly small busted and the gathers falling from the yoke lay nicely; however, i can see that it might not work for someone who is more amply endowed and that it might have a maternity look. that said, the detailing i	Knits
I ordered a size xl in ivory. it's prettier in person. there are great details. it shrunk a bit after washing and air-drying. i cut off the layer of chiffon around the neckline to make it more comfortable. a cute summer tank.	Knits
Ordered this in white and the peachy color- the armholes were gaping. not well designed. i don't recommend this tee at all.	Knits
I tried on this top in the store in a large and the arm holes were too big. i am busty and usually wear a size 10, so i usually need a m to l. i ordered a m which was shipped to my home, and it fit perfectly. really cute with skinny jeans!	Knits
I loved the idea of this dress and was hoping it would be worth the astronomical price tag for what really is a cotton jersey dress. unfortunately, this dress missed the mark. in the pictures this dress looks like the fabrics are navy blue and some sort of white. well, it is not white or whitish at all but baby pink! bright baby pink! even the light pattern on the navy background is actually pink. huge disappointment. my other issue is with the length of this dress. the description says that the	Dresses
Love this shirt. i am 5'2" and 115 lbs. i am normally a pxs and got the pxxs and it got perfect! my new favorite shirt.	Knits
I tried this on in white and my usual size small. it is such a beautiful top and the detailing, lace trim is so pretty. my only complaint is that it lays funny on my cleavage, and i don't have much. it just gathered there and appeared clingy in that area. it's also one of those...am i hiding a pregnancy tops. i like it, but i think i'll wait to see if it goes on sale.	Knits
Was hesitant to order it as first since i was worried it might be a little too boxy in person. glad i tried it since that turned out not to be the case. drapes nicely (exactly like in the picture) and can be worn either on its own or layered with a cardigan/shrug. loose fit means i can wear it to work, too. am usually between a small and xs but the xs fit me well. also wanted to mention this hits me right under the waist and i'm 5ft4 so there is a chance it could be a little too short for someon	Knits
Gorgeous top but runs large, especially in the arm holes.	Knits
I thought this top was absolutely beautiful! i couldn't wait to get it in but unfortunately it was very big on me. (i'm 5 ft, 105 lbs and got the pxs) the arm holes were so big as well as the overall fit. i'm very disappointed, i really wanted this top to work.	Knits
Lovely crochet lace tunic. also very comfortable. doesn't wrinkle and the cotton has a lovely feel.	Dresses
This dress is even more gorgeous in person! i had seen in the spring catalog but liked it even more when i spotted it at my local store. i have been searching for the perfect ivory crochet or lace dress each summer for the past few years. i think i have finally found "the one'! i should note i am 5'9" and this dress goes all the way to my knees. it may swallow someone on the shorter side.	Dresses
I liked the look of this dress online, so i called my local store and had them hold it in a small and medium because of the reviews. i am a 34dd, and had no issues with the bust on the small dress. it's a pretty, feminine dress and i'm glad they had the 20% off sale when i decided to buy it. the reason i'm writing a review is because the dress here is not the same as the dress in the store. the dress in the store is pictured in the "get the look" photo. the dress in the store has cap sleeves, wh	Dresses
It is a pretty dress but runs large, i usually wear small and i ordered a regular xs because they are out of petite... it fits and since i am pregnant it works but it is a little large around the waist...the lace is beautiful and the quality is amazing	Dresses
I love, love love this top. i've bought several over the years and they wash great and are very flattering and comfortable. i always pick up the newest color.	Knits
This is one of my favorite.it is timeless for sure.	Dresses
I tried on a regular size at the store, and definitely need petite (5'1.5', 115 lbs). the dress is comfrotbale, and the ivory color gives it a victorian feel. the sleeves are nice a cover the shoulder in a flattrering spot, where hte muscles meet. there is alining, so not see-through. length was too long, why i need petie, also loose-fitting, i would like it more a little more fitted, jsut a bit.	Dresses
I stared at this dress for a long time online and finally went into the store and tried it on. it is a beautiful quality and material. note that it is ivory, not pure white, which is exactly what i was looking for. the fit is more of an a-line and it is slightly long which is part of the style of the dress. i am taking it with me to a beach vacation in mexico but i plan to wear to many more occasions because this could easily be dressed up or down. just don't wear it to a wedding since it is a w	Dresses
The dress is not the beautiful color in the picture...it is a very yellowish cream. the fabric is thick and does nothang pretty. very disappointed. had to return it.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. more ivory in person. the crochet is amazing. i sized up from my normal s to a m, only bc i wanted a loose fit. and after reading reviews that it fit a little bit like a shift, i wanted a bigger size. but a small would have prob worked as well. depends on how you want this to fit. i love it. i wear mine now w a cropped jean jacket and leggings, soon w just sandals. great transition piece bc it's a slightly heavy dress but not enough to be overwhelming or hot for the summe	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. i'm always leery about buying lace and white, but i love this off-white color and style. i was able to stretch the sleeves a tad to make them more fluttery, but they aren't as fluttery as the photo looks. definitely more of a cap sleeve. got so many compliments!	Dresses
I love this dress. the fit is great for tall girls i'm 5 9' and the length is perfect. can be dressed down with cute sneakers or up with heels. every time i wear this dress i get a ton of compliments and it is so comfortable.	Dresses
The dress is really frumpy standing up. something about the bottom tier of lace just turns it into a frumpy maw-maw nightgown. the lace is really pretty, though	Dresses
This is a great everyday dress. i bought it in black and it looks cute with wedges. it's a little boxy but that also makes it super comfy so i don't mind that too much. definitely order one-size down if you're between sizes. you may want to consider petite, if it's available, becuase i found it to be a bit long for my taste. (i'm 5'5" and it hits at the knee). i've already worn it a few times and have had received several compliments.	Dresses
Love, love, love this little lbd!lots of rich detail and still very easy and laid back. dress up or dress down.i will be wearing this into the fall season. i purchased the l, still roomy, tried the m but a little snug in the shoulders and chest. i am usually a size 12, d cup. very flattering style boho chic.	Dresses
Purchased this dress in black and love it. there is so much detail in the crochet, and can be dressed up or down. i am contemplating buying the same dress in white!	Dresses
I love this dress for it's unique design with the crochet features. it is super comfortable, great for being layered without see through. i ordered a small though and it is still too large for me. i have been trying to decide on returning it since i love it so much. i'd recommend sizing down for this dress. i'm 5'6'', 135lbs, and still needed an xs which seems a bit off. i guess i'm used to retailer running a bit big, but i miss judge this one and hate to deal with the mailing and worrying	Dresses
Love love love this dress! have received so many compliments on it. i'm 5'4", 118 and xs fit perfectly. love the cap sleeves and details, super comfortable too. i can see wearing this year-round and dressing it up/down.	Dresses
I am 5'4" about 120# with an athletic build. i was so excited for this dress to arrive. when i removed it from the package i loved the way it felt and the weight of it. the color was as pictured on my computer. i ordered the xsp and was concerned it would be too small in the shoulders or too short. it was huge on me -- too long -- too wide -- too frumpy -- too loose all over. i checked to make certain it was a petite that was sent and it was. boo. i do like the cap sleeve better than the flutter	Dresses
This is stunning. even more stunning in person. the crochet is divine. every inch of it is beautifully detailed. it's got a bit of weight to it and the crochet is very high quality. i am normally a l or xl, and i have curves. this is why this unfortunately did not work for me. it fits more like a shift with a little more aline room. on the right shape, it will be perfect. if you're curvy, size up. if you're lean or narrow, you might want to size down. the length is heavenly for tall gals, but wi	Dresses
This is a beautiful, high-quality little black dress. it actually has a little weight to it, but nothing bothersome. i usually take a medium across the board, but i had to size up to a large. this is dress has more of a straight line versus a-line and i have wider hips, so the large fit really good. it's beautiful and versatile. i just wore it to my high school reunion and got compliments : ) great purchase, i would highly recommend.	Dresses
I am so glad i found this tee. as usual i love bordeaux rayon-spandex shirts. the fabric is soft and comfortable. it's heavy enough to drape nicely contouring your natural curves. it does not cling to the body, is just loose enough to let you breathe during the hot summer days. i was afraid it would look like a swing tee and make me look like i am pregnant but it doesn't. it runs true to size. the only complaint i have is that the back runs too long.	Knits
For anyone who loves lace. it fits pretty true to size. the size m length hits just to the top of the knee. i' 5' 4" tall. to lighten up the dress just a little so that it does not look as some have said "frumpy" i hemmed the liner so that the liner hem is half way up on the ruffle. this makes the dress look less heavy, more fun, and repeats the openness of the lace on top. love this dress! will be wore a lot for summer evenings out.	Dresses
The xxs petite fit great except in bust and shoulder area. i'm a 32a and it was really tight.	Dresses
Ordered a few things for a last minute decision on what to wear to a wedding - i slipped this on right out of the box and decision was made! tunic style is great for all body types and hides any bulges. crochet neckline and sleeves are cute and a little sexy. dress is very comfortable and not too short. wore this with pearls and ankle-strap pumps for a dressier look. very happy with this one!	Dresses
I thought this dress would make me look washed out, but absolutely doesn't--beautiful pop of color, and unique design. i've received many complements, this one is a keeper.	Dresses
This dress is super cute and sexy. i bought the taupe in a size medium. for reference i'm tall (5'11) and weigh about 152. i don't know how tall the last reviewer is but this was not too short in the front for me. i really like it.	Dresses
I love the unique style of this dress. the bell sleeves and the rather fitted body that poofs out at the end put the focus on these details. as for fit ... i'm a standard xs petite and the xsp fits to a tee.	Dresses
I love this dress. i bought this dress in both a m and a s. i was worried about how "loose" the dress would fit and also how short it would be. the information about the model wearing the dress only said that she was 5'10" but not what size dress she was wearing. i am 5'11" and am in between a dress size 2 or 4. the medium was way too wide, but the small was still long enough with the perfect amount of flow. i purchased the green/slate color, which is more green and has very faint stripes. very	Dresses
I was so excited for this dress to arrive, but when it did, it was a major disappointment. there is no lining on the skirt portion of the dress leaving it sheer. also, the top part along the chest puckered in a weird unflattering way. the colors were beautiful, but not enough to to make up for the other design flaws. i am 5'6" 140lb and the small fit tts. will be sending it back	Dresses
Love this dress! it's so soft & not to short like some retailer dresses. great transition piece! i'm a fan of bell sleeves & can't wait to wear this with boots& tights this fall.	Dresses
I ordered my usual size 6 from retailer and it fit perfect. for reference i am 5'8" and 137 pounds. unlike the other reviewer i did not have trouble getting into or out of dress. it buttons down the middle so you just need to make sure you undo them enough to get past your chest;) i really like this dress. i think it's beautifully made. is it my favorite dress i've purchased from retailer, no but still a nice dress:)	Dresses
I tried this dress in an xs (my usual size) and it is tts. i love the fabric and pattern and the tiers of the dress are pretty. however, the color kind of washed me out and the neckline made the dress look matronly on me. i didn&#39;t get the dress and wished it worked out.	Dresses
I just received this in the wine color and it's gorgeous! it fits well and is very pretty. it can be dressed up or down. i can't wait until the weather warms up and i get to wear this. i have already ordered the other color! great purchase.	Dresses
This adorable dress has surpassed my expectations! i ordered an xs and s and am keeping the xs. for reference, i'm 5'6", 120 lbs, 34c, and the xs fits like a dream. it's not sack-like at all. the top is fitted, and the bottom flairs very flatteringly. the bell sleeves aren't too long like some i've seen. the color and print are the epitome of fall! the length is perfect; it's long enough for work but short and flirty enough for evenings out. i can imagine wearing with heels or booties.	Dresses
I bought the xs and love it. it looks better on than in the picture. it travels well (no wrinkles after being in the suitcase) and it is generous on the sides so you can actually eat a full lunch and not feel boxed in afterwards.	Dresses
The fit and design are interesting. in the 00p, the fit was good though the dress was not easy to get into or out of - strategy required. the quality is fine. but the color was very "blah," with too little of the bright stripes in an otherwise rather dull color scheme. that made the dress overall feel too busy and rather confused. with the lining and material weight, it would be more a cold weather item only, not an all seasonal dress.generally, it was interesting but not a "most come home wit	Dresses
I was not a fan. cute design but the sweater was not soft it felt thick like a weird blanket. the arms were small and the body was big... odd combo. the material didn't make me want to put it on. it went back.	Knits
Love this tee, purchased the blue and white, i usually wear xs in many retailer items but opted for a medium in this tee so it would fit loose. works good not fitting too tight. i like it because it's a tee shirt but it's a little dressy, great for going out to dinner, etc...	Knits
I love the color of this top. it is a dark olive green and elegant. i mostly wear it under a blazer with my jeans. it fits true to size and the smocking detail is casual and elegant at the same time.	Knits
This top is comfortable and vas easily be dressed up or down! love it	Knits
Love this one. i usually wear a medium, got this in medium and fits perfectly. i agree with the prior reviewer regarding the arms, they are a little snug, but i like the fit just as is. the pattern and medium thinkness were just what i was looking for.	Knits
The color of this t is beautiful and the shimmer is understated. very thin fabric, but should be fine.	Knits
After reading the reviews, i ordered an xs and a s in this, though i usually wear an xs in bordeaux. i kept the xs. to me, the sleeves and shoulders run small, while the rest of the shirt is flowy through the torso. i prefer more fitted shirts, but decided this one looked ok. at 5'6", the hem hit at my hip. i did not find it scratchy at all. in the pink, with a nude bra, it is not terribly see-through, but with a black bra, it is. i washed it in a lingerie bag and laid it flat to dry. maybe it s	Knits
I like this shirt. it's quite lovely. i ordered it in mint. it's nice to have a dressy t-shirt.	Knits
Shimmery & lightweight t-shirts. i got the aqua & brown t's. good for layering.	Knits
I bought the blue and the white - the white is very sheer. the fabric is more scratchy on the outside than the inside - i wore it the whole day and it was not an issue for me.	Knits
I purchased the purple t with letters all over. great fit, long and not clingy at all. i love the 80's motif/style of the letters. perfect t-shirt for a teacher.the black design was strange - hearts, fox, cats... it just seemed random and no theme. i would buy colors of this t-shirt because it fits so well, but the black "green" design was too off.	Knits
Very cute jumpsuit, especially for those who want to ease into the jumpsuit style. it looks very much like a dress but is very flattering as a jumpsuit because of the wide legs. the pattern is striking and bold but not garish. it has a low plunging neckline so you may need a camisole underneath (i did!) even though it has padding for those who want to go braless. i purchased a 2p and it fit my 5'3, 115 lbs frame perfectly. i would highly recommend!	Dresses
I can't get over how fabulous this looks on, how well it fits, and how flattering it is. i'm 5'8" and size 8/10 on a good day. seriously - i'm so happy about it ! i plan to get a lot of wear out of it - works for a wedding, evening out, or the office.	Dresses
I bought this jumpsuit in both fabrics. i adored the fit and feel of both, but sadly, the graphic fabric was not handled well in the construction. three examples: a thin white piece along one leg seam made it look like a hole; mismatched large pieces of white in the crotch area looked sloppy and wrong; worst of all, a diagonal was placed on both breast pieces, but they were different angles, which again looked sloppy and wrong in a place where you really want it to look neat and right. too bad b	Dresses
I'm 5'2", weigh 120 lb.. i ordered p6 and found the torso too short. if i bent forward or kneeled down that fabric would ride ride up into my butt big time. the top was a little loose too. i'm 35ab cup. i love the colors and geometric design. sadly i have to return.	Dresses
Love love love this jumpsuit! normally i stay away from jumpsuits because i hate to have to completely undress to use the bathroom, but this was too cute to pass up. fits great, extremely flattering to my athletic build, super comfy. it sort of looks like a maxi-dress due to the wide legs. length was perfect. i am 5'3" and did not have to hem it.	Dresses
I bought this in navy - it is absolutely stunning and looks like a dress on. super flattering and i don't even need to wear a bra with it	Dresses
This was absolutely adorable on. it does look a bit like a dress but at 5'3 and 118 lbs i am normally a size 4, and needed the 2 in this. it fit so perfectly i didn't consider the petite. i can go braless as it has a well lined build in supportive bra. i purchased both colors and it can be dressed up or down. only draw back is dry clean only. super cute, and i definitely recommend this. cuter in person and on.	Dresses
If you are afraid of the jumpsuit trend but like dresses, this will be for you.  the cut is flattering, and may not need a bra (i am droppy, but it was fine). the legs are wide enough that one time, i had both legs in one hole, so-to-speak, and it is very flowy. the patterns are both nice, i like the geometric one, but the polka dot is always a classic. the petite size fit me just right (xsp) at 115 lbs, 30dd. i like the tie it goes from around the cups to tie on the back, so you can almost ti	Dresses
I loved this at first sight, and ordered it in a 10, 12, and 14 to make sure i'd get one that fit me. (i ended up with the 12). i wear a 32 dd bra, so usually braless is not an option, but this actually offers enough support. and, if i do want to wear a bra it's got a well placed strap across the back that will cover it. it's super flattering, and really fun to wear out day or night.	Dresses
This shirt is not what i expected. i ordered the "green" motif, which is not green at all but black. in the product photos the drawings appear to have a white outlining but its brown. the shirt is made of a good quality cotton and fits great. i ordered the medium. which gave me a lot of extra room to where i could have sized down to a small. for reference i am a 36b and usually wear a medium in most retailer tops. i don't plan on keeping this because i was really hoping for a white background to t	Knits
I met my friend at the mall today. she complimented me on my outfit (i was wearing this jumpsuit in the navy with white polka dots motif - there's also a red, black, and white geometric print if you're not into polka dots). half way through our time together, she realized that i was wearing a jumpsuit, not a dress. she said that the legs are so wide and flowy that she couldn't tell. we tried on clothes at another store and i forgot to re secure the straps with the little snaps to my bra stra	Dresses
If you're a little afraid to rock a jumpsuit this one's for you. the palazzo leg makes it look a lot like a dress. a light shelf bra was very supportive even for my d/dd cup. it does run large. i'm typically a 14/16 and was easily able to fit in the 12, although the look it a bit racier on me due to cleavage. hides any tummy you might have very well due to the flowing cut. the fabric is light and comfortable. my only complaint is i wish it was a tad longer. i can not wait to rock this at a weddi	Dresses
I saw this on line this morning and was hesitant to order one size smaller so decided to visit local anthopology store with fingers crossed they would have it in a size 4. i'm 5'5 130 and a size 6 usually in retailer clothing. not only was the size 4 perfect the fabric and quality are excellent. nice flowy pant legs and the top has a one button adjustment on the shoulder if you don't want it too low. either way worked for myself. dress up or down. this is a must!	Dresses
Precious tee, washes well, runs large	Knits
I was obsessed with this dress/jumpsuit after i read all the great reviews, even tho i had never seen it in person. it was already on sale and sold out online, so i called a bunch of stores and finally was able to track one down in the navy colorway in my size (it's tts). so glad i made the effort! it's as great as everyone says it is. i love how it's "party in the back." i'm 5'3" so it was pretty much floor length on me.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress but there were too many factors that ultimately had me sending it back.it is a very unique piece and high quality; however, i have sensitive skin c/o irish genes, and something about the silk/linen/sequin combo had be itching like crazy and really irritated my skin. i also did not love the way the top part of the dress layed on me- it was like there was a bit too much fabric up top meanwhile fitting perfectly around my hips (so i wouldn't want to size down...)	Dresses
I got the blue with polka dots. it fits more like a midi dress. it is a bit large, i'm usually a size 10 and got a size 8. it's gorgeous on. i don't think i'll be needing a bra underneath this. it's got a supportive band and the ribbon also helps. i might order the other bold print too, it just looks so good on.	Dresses
This jumpsuit runs large so i sized down perfectly one full size down. i have a size b chest and was very comfortable with no bra, as the built in cups gave me the perfect coverage. it looked like a dress standing, but had such a flattering and fun shape when you move. everyone loved it!	Dresses
I just tried the blue polka dot one on at my local retailer. i'm 5'3ish, 117#, 34d-dd and usually wear a size 4 or xs in most retailer brands. i tried this in size 2 and had a better fit hence the runs large rating. this is a very plunging neckline. not work appropriate and i'm fairly notorious for being out there. the band in the back didn't hit right at my bra in the back so not sure what to tell you there. the shoulder straps are adjustable. there are 2 buttons so you can tighten it up a bit so y	Dresses
I tried it on and it fit like a glove. i'm only 5'2" and i can wear with heals or flats. great built in bra. i'm a c cup and i've got a bubble butt. very flattering on my figure. quality worth every penny. many compliments. work appropriate or a luncheon! my fav retailer purchase by far.	Dresses
Gorgeous dress worth every penny--one of a kind twist on a kimono!	Dresses
I love this jumper! it is absolutely gorgeous and also quite possibly the most comfortable piece of clothing i've ever owned.	Dresses
Flattering! i love how it looks like a maxi dress. fits me perfectly!	Dresses
I love hd paris styles & this jumpsuit appealed to me online so i ordered a 6p. i am usually a 4 or 6 in regular sizes at retailer. i decided the regular size may be too long & too much fabric for me. i am 5'3", 118#, 36c. it was easy to slip into it, zip up the back & tie the black ribbon in the back. it doesn't say in the 'details' that it has a built-in bra which is a good feature. the bra cups are a little small on me but not a deal-breaker. the length is fine falling just above my ankles. i j	Dresses
I love the feel of the fabric and design of this dress. i look forward to changing the look with cowboy boots or fringed booties. i also like the option of wearing it opened over a white tee and jeans. worn loose or belted, it can be different every time you wear it. it does run large so you may want to size down.	Dresses
I'm not a western girl but this dress is so adorable. i love the colors, it's adorable and unique. while its definitely a full swingy shirt dress i didn't find it overly large. i plan on wearing as a dress with sleeves rolled up. under the pilcro denim jacket it looks so cute. and open over jeans with a white tank like a jacket.	Dresses
I am not sure who in the world could really wear this as a dress without belting it...definitely a super weird cut. extreme a-frame. the fabric is just absolutely gorgeous and it is so well made otherwise. i thought about trying to size down but it would be too small in the shoulders for sure. i am going to keep anyway. i've already worn it with jeans and a t-shirt and as a topper with a denim shirt dress. it actually looked fantastic with both. i'll get a lot of wear out of it, just not the way	Dresses
I love the color patterns and fabric. it has full lining! my biggest problem with the dress is the swing style - makes it more like a maternity dress and so unflattering? a straight (shift) style would have been much better. dress runs large, however the arm/shoulder area is tight.	Dresses
This dress is super cute. good quality. from the front it is very flattering and hangs well. from the side and back it looks huge. i ordered a size 4 and i am a normal 6 or 8. i have re-ordered the 0 and size 2 to see if there is less material (others have mentioned that the arms are smaller in the smaller size. my trouble area is my hips so i don't think this will be an issue as i am quite small on top). if not i will have it altered because it is so cute and can be worn many different ways.	Dresses
Agree 100% with other reviews. this dress flares a lot so it does resemble a tent. to size down causes a problem in the shoulders. i had to keep the 8 - which is what i usually wear to accommodate my broad shoulders but i love it so much i am having it altered to taper and adding the pockets you would expect a dress like this to have. at this price i am hoping it's worth it.	Dresses
I bought this dress in store today in a size 4, i usually wear an 8 (so i was thrilled) the print and details are gorgeous but it's a very wide swing dress, there is a lot of fabric and it has no waist. i'm going to wear this with a belt so it's fine but the images online are a little misleading.	Dresses
This is a very cute fall dress that can be worn in a myriad of styles. from styling it with a pair of wedges and dark tights, to donning a bolo and ankle boots, heads will turn when you walk into the room.	Dresses
I'm a 36ddd, and have a bust about 42" so when i tried this on in a size 12, i honestly didn't expect to be able to squeeze it on... and yet i had inches upon inches to spare in the bust. this really is built more like a tent than a dress. on the bright side though, if you belt it, and gather the extra material at the sides it'll define your waist and the skirt has lots of swing and flounce to it. i do love a line styles!! i found i had to roll up the sleeves otherwise the dress looked too s	Dresses
It is a beautiful top but runs huge!!! i followed other reviews and ordered a size down hoping it would work but it was totally unflattering! i wanted so bad to love it but there was no way i could keep it!!	Dresses
Was so glad i gave this dress a chance - it's adorable! it does run large. i am 5'6", 125lb and the 2 fits perfectly. it is super comfortable. i am taking away a star only because it doesn't have pockets - with all of the fabric - how were pockets left out?	Dresses
Great dress in terms of material, quality, print...something about the weight with the lining made it not work for me. i ordered one size down as recommended by other reviewers, but that didn't work; there was too much fabric for the length and the lining made it look heavier. i ordered a medium and i"m 5'5" on the curvy side. oh well. i've had so much luck with other retailer orders so i'm not too disappointed.	Dresses
Based on the other reviews, i sized down from my usual 6p to a 2p, but this dress was still ridiculously huge and extremely unflattering. i could tell the minute i took it out of the package it wouldn't work. i can't imagine this would flatter very many people. the front photo of the model is incredibly deceptive. very disappointed--this will be going back for sure.	Dresses
I saw this dress in my local retailer store and had to try it on. i cannot say enough good things about this dress! i love it! like other reviewers said it runs very big. i am 5'8" 138 pounds and usually wear a size 6 but got this in a 2. fits like a shirt dress should once i sized down.	Dresses
Larger than life in both size and personality. this one runs pretty big however the detailing in the fabric itself and embroidered collar balance that out. it's even more gorgeous in person! for reference, i'm 5'7", 125lb, straight up and down and i usually go for a 4 or 6 / small. i got a 4, but could have easily fit into the 2 or even the 0.	Dresses
Based on others' reviews, i knew i needed to try this beauty on to be sure of my size. as others mentioned, it runs 1-2 sizes large. but, unlike others, i don't feel i need a belt at the waist. i am 5'2" 140# 34d and with my body style (super short and not super slim in the waist but also busty) this is the perfect boho fit and the perfect drape!!! and the design and quality are superb to boot!!!	Dresses
As the other reviewers stated, it does run large, i sized down 1 size and it's perfect. great dress to wear so many ways.	Dresses
I agree with the other reviews - great dress. i got a ton of compliments on it, but i had to take it to a tailor to get it taken in. not a fan of belts with dresses, but definitely wanted it so had quite a bit taken in. not sure why this seems to be a reoccurring issue with retailer. i was bummed i had to spend money to get the dress to look even somewhat like the photo.	Dresses
This dress is loose, unique, and super cute! you'll get noticed in this dress! i ordered down a size.	Dresses
Totally out of my style range but am totally enamored by this tent dress/shirt/coat thing! ok, so yes it's very very tenty, but fits on my shoulders (size down 1x or 2x if you're narrow shouldered) and i use one of my leather belts to gather the material and make myself a nice western fit & flare! like the model shots, this looks great with a tee and skinnies. if you have tried the marvelous silk santee swing dress, the escalante has the same amount of fabric that reviewer either love or hate. i	Dresses
I love this top. i ordered it online thinking that it would be a comfy top for the weekends and i was right. the front is a heavier fabric than the whisper thin tops and yet the back is a wonderfully lightweight cotton handkerchief feel. i am petite and it fits great.	Knits
This is a great item! well made and heavier than it looks. size runs 2 sizes too small. it is great as a dress or open as a long shirt with jeans. i had my dressmaker put a dart right down the front under my breast to give a little more fit and less flare. this helps if you are curvy.	Dresses
I'm glad i red the reviews before ordering and sized down. for reference, i am 5'7" and generally a size 8 or m in dresses. the small in this piece fits loosely in a flattering way, but a medium would have swallowed me. otherwise, it's a great, casual piece. the material is light and soft, and it's cute over leggings.	Dresses
I just purchased this cute dress on sale and made sure to size down one size so instead of my regular small, i ordered an extra small which fits me perfectly. i'm a petite yet busty 34d-27-35 and 5'4" and think the dress looks adorable on especially since i'm a huge fan of all things plaid. it's a lighter weight dress so it's perfect for spring or summer but can be worn in fall/winter with this color scheme by adding tights, boots and a sweater or jacket. i also love that it has pockets. i don't	Dresses
This shirt is perfect. hangs nicely, and i love the little longer sleeves.beautiful color too!	Knits
I got this in black, size medium, my usual size. i am fairly "curvy" on top and found the shape in that area very flattering to my figure. it is shown as being rather drapey in front and indeed it does fit rather large at the bottom & indeed through the body itself. since i'm slim there, i will have to tailor it, am used to this considering i have to buy to fit my chest. but i'm keeping it for sure as i love the fabric and i think it will become a staple of my wardrobe. good job retailer!	Knits
I ordered the gold in size xl. it fits true to size, matching the online photos. the color & details are prettier in person. such a comfortable tee. it's washed/dried well too. i hope they make more colors for this fall. it's been a great basic!	Knits
I ordered online and wear xs- m. i ordered a small but it seems big. i have to drive 1+ hour to a store so i do a lot of online ordering. i'm thinking of returning for smaller size. may make a road trip- have several items to return! i hate paying shipping to buy and shipping to return if it doesn't work!	Knits
I initially bought this dress to wear to an interview that required something casual, yet could be dressed up with interesting jewelry. although i ended up wearing another black dress, i kept this. paired with interesting black booties and a great necklace, this dress is easy to wear - and stylish. most importantly, comfortable. i could see myself wearing this on days that i feel inspired to dress up, but want to wear something that is not fussy. and, the pockets!	Dresses
This top is another winner from left of center! i love swing tops and this is just adorable. fitted through the sleeves and top portion, it drapes nicely in a very flattering way without looking "maternity". i love the rayon on the upper back which adds interest and a slight contrast. i purchased it in the gold color which is beautiful and the fabric is light and very comfortable. in my opinion it runs large. i'm usually a sp but ordered an xsp for a more fitted look but it still looked big for	Knits
This is a great top and got compliments already...it does have a longer sleeve like the picture, butreally not bad. it's so comfortable and color is fabulous. great with any scarf too.	Knits
I am obsessed with this shirt! it's sooooo comfy and soft, like wearing a blanket! perfect for throwing over yoga clothes. comfy yet adorable.	Knits
I never leave reviews for anything but this dress was such a complete miss. first off, it's about 3 sizes too big. second off, it's knitted with a metallic thread that you can't really notice in the picture. i'm usually a medium and feel an xs would be sufficient.	Dresses
This top is perfect! i'm 5'9" and a medium build, and it's hard to find tops that have long enough sleeves. this is really long! i love the weight of the fabric - perfect under a coat and heavy enough for cool texas winter days. the fabric is really soft and the color is a blue-ish grey. the style is feminine but not too girlie. it's my new go to top!!	Knits
This top is awesome. i purchased the gold color in a small. fits perfectly and true to size; sleeves are nice and long. definitely recommend!	Knits
Very flattering on. fitted on top with a loose swingy bottom. like most retailer tops it does run a little big. i would size down if between sizes. the material does seem a little fragile so i'm not sure how it will hold up. i like the look/fit enough that i may get a 2nd color.	Knits
I got the ivory. it's very cute under the split back cloth & stone button down denim in slightly oversized top (i wear sm but bought the med in the denim button down). this top in ivory runs true to size but the dark colors in sm fit like a medium. the top snags easily. it 's pricey but i love it.	Knits
Only one sleeve is folded twice and sewed. meh.	Dresses
This shirt is amazing. it's soft, comfortable. i can't speak yet as to how well it will hold up but i plan on wearing it a lot. the cut is great, the shirt flutters away from under the empire waist line and the nylon patch in the back, creating a flattering shape without clinging anywhere. the sleeves are nice, long, and fitted.this shirt will work great as a winter/fall basic piece but the texture, color, and contrast detail in the back make it interesting on its own. very versatile.the col	Knits
Purchased this top in medium. i am 5'9" so normally wear medium. however, could probably have ordered a small. sleeves are very long and it's very full around bottom. love the gold color!	Knits
Pros--this dress is so super soft and warm...i feel like i'm just wearing a winter throw when i have it on.cons--way, way too big. i returned the small, which easily should have been a large (with room to spare) and got the extra small...it's still way too big. they definitely have this dress clipped behind her back so it doesn't look so huge and there's a reason there isn't a video showing how this dress looks when it moves...because it is ginormous and they know it!but i still kept the xs	Dresses
I couldn't believe how fast this dress sold out when they were having the fall promotion; they had just put it on the website and it sold out in my size in a matter of hours! i just received the dress today and really like the practicality of it. you can easily dress it up or down and it still looks sheek either way. what i didn't like about the dress was that the material is a little flimsy compared to how it looks in the picture. i am on the fence regarding if i will keep it.	Dresses
I work from home so i'm always in search of tops that are comfortable and cute, but don't make me look like i'm waiting for company to arrive. this is a great addition to the wardrobe. super comfortable, it has shrunk slightly with a few launderings, but it's still wearable.	Knits
True to form, this retailer sweater hits the mark! it's light weight, stylish, great for a shorter person like myself, and has cute detailing. the sleeves are little long, but i push them up anyway and the cream color i bought goes with everything. the xs size is more comfortable and flattering than the s if you are short. i would have bought the bluish gray color of this sweater, too, but already own a similarly shaded and textured sweater from retailer from last year...love that one,	Knits
Bought this in dark grey, which has a lovely bluish hue. the fabric is soft & comfy and it has great lines for a knit fabric. very flattering! the sleeves are nice and long.	Knits
Although the weather is getting warm in ca, the gold color and cut of this shirt made me want to buy just one more long sleeved item--and it didn't disappoint! i'm actually looking forward to next winter so i can wear it again!	Knits
Yes, this is a bit expensive; however, it is made in the usa, so that is a very good thing. i appreciate having the opportunity to buy high quality, well-designed basic pieces that are simultaneously supporting my community and country. when you are considering this pretty top, please click on the gold so that you can see the detail. it is very well-made and flattering. i love how it has a slight shape at the back, very flattering and feminine. the feel and weight of the cotton is remarkably com	Knits
This is one of my favorite retailer dresses - it's flowy and makes me feel beautiful. i loved it so much that i bought it in two colors! it does run big, so i would size down but when you find your size, you'll love it!	Dresses
I really liked the dress on line, but, i didn't appreciate how lovely it was until i received it. it fit perfectly, and has a lovely flare at the hemline for a flirty feel. i wear it with taupe colored booties and it is perfect for work and afterwork.	Dresses
I'm in love with this dress! i have seen the chevron pattern of this dress on many women and i can honestly say that i haven't seen a body that it doesn't look good on. i am a busty girl and was afraid the shape of this dress would make me look as if i was expecting and much to my surprise it didn't at all. this is such a great transitional piece to have in your closet, i highly recommend it!	Dresses
I'm in love with this dress and first tried on the petite size in the store. if you don't have enormous shoulders (which i do) , i think the petite would fit someone in the 5'6" range. what i'm trying to say is the dress is pretty long. the cut is beautiful and patterns perfectly complementary. i've been reading marie kondo's book and this one "sparks joy"!	Dresses
I really love this top. normally i would not go for a lot of narrow stripes like this because i would think it is too busy, but this one is certainly the exception. both colors are fantastic and i think the design is alluring-not busy. i like that it buttons down which offers a lot of flexibility to display necklaces or have completely up to complete change the look. one of the things i absolutely love about this is that it has long sleeves. i think it is rare these days to find something that i	Knits
I had this in my cart for ages, waiting for a sale and debating the dress in general. i am delighted as it did finally go on sale, i bought it, and it is fabulous!!! my measurements are 36/28/39, i wear a 34d bra, and the small fit perfectly. the only problem i have had with it is that the lining in the front shows about 3/8" at the bottom of the dress once i have worn the dress. what seems to happen is that the dress creeps up due to its wrinkling, but the lining does not, hence the showing. i	Dresses
This dress is fun to wear! i wear the purple one flowy and get lots of compliments. i haven't worn the navy yet, but when i do it will be belted. my only complaint is the material that is used at the shoulders shows bra/slip straps. luckily it isn't too noticeable but a design flaw worth mentioning nonetheless.	Dresses
I was so happy to see this dress at one of my local retailer stores since i've had this in my basket since i first saw it, i tried it on in my usual size and it runs true to size in all areas. the length is as shown int he picture, i am 5'4" and it hit me right above the knee. i am short waisted and the dress fit perfect, sat right above my waist and then lay just as shown. not too much material to make you look fuller in the hips, and also not too young looking. i am planning to wear it to	Dresses
This is a great summer dress. i bought this dress in both l and xl because this brand varies. i kept the l because the fit was better. the xl was wider and had larger armholes the fabric and colors are beautiful. lots of compliments, it is lined, highly recommend.	Dresses
I order the blue and orange endora wing dress in an xxs and it was still very large. i know that this is a flow dress but there was so much excess material that i looked like i was swallowed. the colors are more muted than in the pictures, a faded blue and orange that i didn't really like. return.	Dresses
May look better on someone tall. thin, and straight.	Dresses
I love deletta and regularly search for their items here on retailer. however, this one is a miss as i think it runs small or you need to be taller and thinner then i for the gathering, opening to hit you right. i did really like the color ( ordered the brown) and material but back it goes.	Knits
I wanted to love this blouse so much. but try as i might, it just fit so oddly on me. i'm usually a petite s so i purchased the xs in brown. first. the color was more gray-brown but it was still ok. but second, the fit was off. maybe i just got a bad one, but the center of the blouse was so offset, that the slit in the front laid so far to the left and the v-neck was so low that you could see my bra - there was no adjusting i could do to fix it. the material has a lovely soft silky feel to it an	Knits
I got 2 of these dresses, one in the navy with small flowers and the gray/yellow print. i am 51 and the navy looked a little old fashioned on me. i think if you are younger it would be super cute. the gray/yellow diagonal stripe is super cute! it's a more modern design in the fabric and i love it. it will be my favorite go to dress for the summer. i also think it will pack nicely for trips. i am 5'7" and wear a small or medium with retailer clothes and i got a small in this dress and it's p	Dresses
I was so excited about this dress. but when i got it, there were several issues i had with it. the neck is just too high for me and the skirt is too pleated and makes my hips look wide. i was hoping for more of an a-line cut. gorgeous though! wish it worked.....	Dresses
This dress is beautiful - it is just as pretty as it looks in the picture, if not prettier. it is a great material, the colors are beautiful, and it is perfect to throw on in the summer. i highly recommend it.	Dresses
This dress is made well and fit nice. i am 64" and 135 lbs. i really wanted it keep it but it is going back. the colors in person are much more muted and with my pale blonde hair and fair skin the color was all wrong.	Dresses
Perfect summer dress! this is a must buy! it can be dressed up or down	Dresses
Super cute dress, the material is not what i expected. it's stretchy and the slip is tight fitting too. the look is super cute though!	Dresses
I wasn't sure about this top but i had a feeling i needed to at least try it on. it drapes so beautifully and the keyhole neck is a lovely little touch. i love the asymmetric hemline and the fabric is incredibly soft. as far as the fit goes i found that it did run slightly small.	Knits
I was skeptical when i saw it online. i was not sure about the white background. but it had good reviews and the cut seemed to be what i looked for so i gave it a try and ordered online. i ordered s and xs. i was really surprised how well this dress fits. i am 5.4 and about 126 lbs, pear shape. the fabric is thicker and lined but not too heavy. the cut is slimming, flattering and structured. i decided to keep the xs size. i hope i can find more dresses like this one in retailer.	Dresses
Very disappointed. ordered two sizes, the fraying of the embroidery was so bad on one of the dresses i wouldn't have worn it and the zipper was sticking. the second dress had fraying and loose threads as well and the seams at the shoulders were not properly sewn which made the lace at the neckline completely crooked. some of these issues would maybe be acceptable if the dress was under $100 but at $228 they are not. returning both sizes.	Dresses
I love the look of this dress and i love the way it is cut. the one thing i do not love is the thickness of the material. it is just too much for a summer dress. it just felt heavy and hot. i still love this brand so i am hopeful for a few more great options to come out before summer is over.	Dresses
I feel for the reviewer who didn't like this top. i tried on my normal size medium and it was not very flattering (just too short). when i sized up, everything changed. this top is amazing--super flattering and high quality. i love the material, v-cut, and subtle way the tassels hang. i wish they had more colors-i would buy them all! this top sold out in a day at my store. it's a winner-just make sure you size up.	Knits
This dress is so flattering, i had wanted to try it on for awhile. when it hit sale w/ additional % off i headed to my local store. the dress fits like a dream, so darn cute for summer, in cali we have a lot of summer left. this dress pairs perfectly with the gretta espadrilles. my usual size small was perfect. hurry and get this perfect dress before it sells out!	Dresses
Absolutely love everything about this dress. unlike many other dresses i've ordered from retailer it fits me in the chest (34c). it's very flattering. love the lace up front and the fabric is like a soft lined linen. can't wait to wear it. i got the s regular. if i was any bigger in the chest or through the ribs tho it would be too small. i almost ordered the medium and was certain i would end up needing a bigger size but the small turned out just right. like it was made for me	Dresses
Soft, silky, lined in silky natural fabric, hangs great without being weighty. extremely flattering on my xl short body. i'm petite, but for tunic dresses always order regular sizes, so they go just a hint over my knees--exactly what i need. lovely details: sequins and weighted tassels. highly recommend!	Dresses
This is my very shirt i have ever bought at retailer! it's very comfortable and fashionable.	Knits
I get so many compliments every time i wear this dress. friends, strangers, younger, older and even the pharmacist at my drugstore wanted to know where i bought the dress. it has a 70's vibe to it, fun and swingy. perfect for fall in florida with sandals or when it gets cooler, i think it will look great with leggings and boots. i purchased the orange and dark gray in a medium petite (i'm 5'4' and 135) and it hit just above my knee. my favorite dress right now!	Dresses
This dress is just what i was looking for. i ordered it in late summer. it was back ordered and i ended up wearing it on thanksgiving day! it's so comfortable, and just the right length. i wore it with leggings and boots, but it will be just as great with sandals in the spring.	Dresses
I love this tank top...the fringe on the bottom is fun, and i've gotten many compliments on it already...i think it runs true to size :-)	Knits
This is a beautiful dress. it has great detail and is well made. the tassles are very heavy which is kind of funny because the dress is light and airy. it is pretty, cute and sexy all in one dress!	Dresses
Great tunic! i get compliments every time i wear it. :)	Knits
I absolutely love this dress. it's flattering and feminine. you will love it. it runs large so size down.	Dresses
Loved the dress on-line. ordered a petite small. fits perfectly. i am barely 5'5" and carry my weight in hips and thighs. this fits perfectly without being too snug on the butt!! so, if you are a pear shape, get this dress!!	Dresses
Beautifully embroidered dress. it's loose fitting, not meant to be tailor fitted, so it would run large to you if that's what you were expecting. the colors are gorgeous and the skirt has a really beautiful flow. if you are hoping for a fitted look, size down one size. there is plenty of stretch to this dress and plenty of room in the bust and waist. i generally go between 00p and 0p, and got this in a 0p (though either would work). it comes to just above my knees at 5'2", 110, 32-24.5-32.	Dresses
I saw this in the store and decided to try it on. it is so pretty. the fit is perfect. i didn't think that i would like it due to the sequins on the front. when i put it on, i didn't mind them at all. it really is a beautiful dress with beautiful colors. dry clean only is the only drawback to this one.	Dresses
Such a beautiful, flattering dress! i bought this to wear for our anniversary dinner and received so many compliments.	Dresses
I love clothing with elements that elevate them from basic to extraordinary. this tops does that for me: the black is a rich dark charcoal grey, the modal fabric blend has a nice feel and drapes well. however, the cut is very body conscious and i found both the medium and large tight in the midriff (my problem) area. since i love it so much, i will keep the medium since the sleeves are looser on the large. it looks exactly as pictured and would fit well on someone with a waistline.	Knits
I understand the style of this dress is "swing", but there is just so much fabric, and it looked a bit like a tent on me. i ordered the s and i just found it to be too loose all over. the fabric is great and the colors are rich and lovely. this style would probably look better on someone smaller-chested, because there is no waist, it falls out from the bustline. cute dress, but i would size down.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous, flattering, oood quality and, in my opinion, better than the erin fetherston dress because of the black, rather than nude liner, which really brought our the beautiful embroidery. come on, practically everything in rtw is a knockoff of something. i do have to comment that the slip is quite snug, though, but at least it's stretchy. that being said, it still had a bit of a tendency to creep up. i was glad i had a black half slip on as well. the fit is tts but a bit short wa	Dresses
I'm stunned by the bad reviews by others. i love this dress! it is an amazing, feminine, detailed, exceptional work of art, and lucky for me -- who usually takes 14s and 16s -- that it runs big. there is stretch to it, and it fits great! lucky, lucky me.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. swingy and fun, and the floral pattern is just stunning for fall and winter. i am planning on wearing it with black tights and ankle booties. could be dressed up or down- very versitle. fits my tall curvy frame perfectly. love.	Dresses
Saw this in the store and just had to have it. beautiful design. fits perfectly. looks nice with a belt as well.	Dresses
This dress is a great dress for spring and summer (and early fall) events. it's surprisingly light weight and comfortable. you can pair different shoes with the dress due to the various colors which makes it easy to dress up and down. i definitely recommend if you're looking for a fun, floral, feminine dress.	Dresses
This is one fabulous-looking dress; however, the really scratchy neckline at the lace edge was a deal-breaker for me. i even tried sizing up, to see if that would help, but it was still too scratchy for me.	Dresses
Count me in as a five star lover of this dress! the details are so rich and interesting, so be prepared to get noticed when wearing. i'm happy to say that getting the size medium regular (instead of petite) was a good choice for my top heavy frame. the chest is fitted but not tight, the length is a not-too-short above knee, the tiered layers swing so nicely, and the beads/sequins add a touch is whimsy to the design. my one negative is the tassels at the neck tie--soo heavy cumbersome to style. o	Dresses
This dress is lovely. it flows nicely and is extremely flattering. also true to size. unfortunately i do not care for a lot of glitter/sparkle, which this dress has going down the very front so it is going back. wish i could pull off the glitter but can't. i absolutely love this dress otherwise and very much recommend it.	Dresses
If it's a knock off, its of the "poise" dress, and a pretty good one at that. this is a beautiful dress that took my breath away the moment i saw it. when i saw such a poor rating i just had to see why. the erin fetherston dress is over $100 more and they look just about the same. i'd rather have the $ and the look!	Dresses
I love this style and was pleasantly surprised that it fit my curvy shape well, despite it being a fairly straight shift style. it does wrinkel easily because of the linen fabric, but otherwise is really perfect! it is dressy enough for bridal showers or brunches but could also be worn casually.	Dresses
This dress is navy and neutral stripes. not black and white. it fits true to the size width wise but is 2-3 inches shorter than the picture. to gain the length you might want to size up but it will be wider. the knot at the hip is beautiful and very flattering.	Dresses
I was really excited for this top to arrive and was really disappointed once i tried it on. i am sure this is a gorgeous top on someone with a straighter or more slender frame. it is good quality and looks fine on the hanger. i think the color in the picture online accurately shows the color. ladies with hips or a booty, beware...this looked horrible on me! it clung to my butt and didn't hang nice and straight like it does in this picture. i expected the fabric to have a little give to it but it	Knits
Just got this dress in the mail yesterday and i love the style and fabric soooo much!!! the fabric looks kind of shiny in the photos so i wasn't quite sure, however in person it's a perfect blend that can easily be dressed up or down. sadly i cannot fully see how it looks on me because the bust of it is way too small. i normally wear a 0 or 2 in a dress and am a 32c but the inside panel that you cannot see in any of the photos is very fitted to the chest and i cannot even zip the size 2 over my	Dresses
This top is very flattering and the silver line details give it a great pop of color!	Knits
I ordered the xxs p and it is almost big, so between true to size and big. it is both flattering and stretchy. the waist comes in nicely, the sleeves are not annoying, and the sparkle add to the lbd in my opinion. length was right above the knee.just. i am 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist for reference...	Dresses
I am 5'8" size 4-6 us. i could barely zip the inside bra on the 8. i wear 34 b. i think it is uk sizing. i kept the 8 ( had to return the 6). it's a beautiful dress but it is a lot of dress. maybe too much for someone more petite. it looks ridiculous until you put the belt on:)	Dresses
I'm 5' 2" and 110 lbs. i ordered this in xsp but it was a lot shorter in the front than led to believe from the photo. it was also a little baggy on top. otherwise, i love the material, shimmer and overall look. i will be exchanging this for a regular xxs.	Knits
I am on an retailer diet but i can't stop thinking about this top! tried it on with my sister when shopping and if only they'd had my size in stock i'd have been a goner for sure. it is super comfy -- the fabric is somehow both lightweight and structured. while i'm kind of sick of high/low, this one manages to execute in a really subtle way that just manages to hide the bum without being in your face. love the sparkle -- you could wear this to work then out on a date or all weekend long. so versat	Knits
When i first saw this shirt in person i was shocked because the lines on it are sparkly and colorful. now that i look closely at the shirt online i see that, but i did not expect it cause it wasn't as obvious in the online photos. it is much more prominent in person.i ordered it in my usual size and it fits perfectly - just like the model, definitely oversized but appropriately so. the length was also great (i'm 5'8) which made me very happy.	Knits
I just purchased this top in the store. it is definitely not tunic length as shown here, but rather hip length. also it runs a little small in the bust and had to go up a size. but it is adorable.	Knits
This shirt arrived today, and i was surprised how short it is. not a tunic at all. i wonder if the lengths on these vary, and if i order it again, it would be a different length. i ordered my normal size, xs petite. i'm 5-2", so this should have been a tunic on me. perhaps if i see this shirt in the store, i'll try on the regular length. i'm returning the petite!	Knits
This fits like a regular top for me. i can take petite on top most of the time. i bought this in a medium regular and it fits like my regular high low tees or tops. i think it's so cute on. it's light weight enough for warmer weather. i'm going to love it this spring/summer and into fall with a jacket or cardigan. another plus is it doesn't gape at the armpit which i get sometimes with regular cuts. it's not so low cut on me either, but i have a 32f (37-38ish inches) bust so that may be why? it	Knits
I had read a few reviews on this shirt before ordering that said it ran small and was shorter than it looks. i thought it was worth finding out because i really liked how this shirt looks in the pictures on the store site. unfortunately, when i got it in the mail and opened it up i found out that all the earlier review were right.it is much shorter than the dimensions implied in the pictures of the model. i was expecting a tunic style shirt that could be worn over leggings or skinny jeans th	Knits
I agree with the previous review that this dress runs large. otherwise, it is a lovely dress, though i added a belt since the tie wasn't defining enough for me. brown leather looks great with it and i get tons of complements.	Dresses
In person this pattern is vibrant and lovely. i usually wear an xl in tops but in flowy ones like these i can size down to a l, which i did. the nice thing about the cut is it minimizes a large bust while maintaining a nice shape. it is a bit long which lengthens the torso if you are short like me. the bib portion is almost quilted and very substantial. all in all, a great purchase.	Knits
This is an adorable little top. the tank has such beautiful detailing on the chest. the flowers are more red than pink. i found it to be tts on me.. the tank is flowy and loose.	Knits
This dress is great! it's perfect for a casual look with a denim jacket, comfortable for traveling, and can even be dressed up for a more formal occasion. i wore it on a cross country flight (toronto-british columbia) and was so comfortable with a sweater and scarf to wrap around me if i got cold. the only con i found of this dress is the back is a bit low leaving your bra showing and being a 32-d i don't feel comfortable going without a bra. i purchased a few of the bralettes to go with it to m	Dresses
I love the embroidery detailing on the top. i think this shirt looks better in person than online.i'm an hourglass shape, and this loose style for shirts often tents out away from my chest, but this top drapes down nicely. however, loose shirts like this aren't my style, so i belt this at my waist, and it looks even better. the top flatters my broad shoulders (meaning that it doesn't make them look wider), and it hits below my hips (i'm 5'10"). i also appreciate that the armholes are small,	Knits
This top is just amazing. it does run large so size down but fit and feel is wonderful especially if you would like to hide some lumps and bumps this is the perfect top.	Knits
Ok, this shirt is like my dream. it's large, comfy but sexy with the back dip. as a larger chested lady (32g), i really appreciate having a tee that i can easily throw on and look put together. clearly, this is a larger, styled swing tee but it's one of my favorites. paired with a cute pair of boots, and easily worn with a jacket. it can tend to fall off the shoulders so i'd size down. i'll probably pick up the grey too.	Knits
This top is so lovely. the fabric is thick and soft, and the drape is phenomenal. i did size down based on reviews, i typically wear a large and the medium is perfect, nice and flowy and very flattering.	Knits
Love this dress, the colors are stunning, the make is beautiful...i don't know where to start. the body part is a nice neutral color, and has beautiful beading, my concerns is snagging since the fabric is so flowy and the beading pokes out sort of... i love that they used different patterns on the layers, the skirt bottom layer has cute polka dots that are translated on the sleeves (bottom of the sleeves). sleeves, are, by the way, fun and bubble-like. the cut of the dress is not following the b	Dresses
Based on other reviews i had no doubt this dress would be perfect. it truly is a work of art, however it just wasn't "me" when i tried it on. i'm sure for others it will be perfect. my biggest issues were the sheerness of the top portion, which is obvious in the photos. i was hoping it would be less obvious in person. also the elbows of the dress were tight, so it was difficult to bend my arms, and i have pretty slender arms.	Dresses
I ordered a size xl. it's flowy so it could be running larger but since the fit in the shoulders/neck/sleeves matches the model, i think it's true-to-size for the design. it is so comfortable. i love the softness of the material. the problem for me is the color. on my monitor, it looks like a light ivory or white. but, the embroidered lace bib portion is a darker ivory shade that doesn't work for my complexion so i'll be returning mine. everything is well-made though, especially the vintage-styl	Knits
The floral pattern on this tank tranforms it to a beautiful piece. i usually tend to avoid top with full pattern because it tends to look busy, but not with this top. i'm usually wear s/m with retailer brand depending with the design. this tank has loose bottom section, so the s is tts for me.	Knits
This top is cut too short & wide with too much light material in between. to be truly slimming & flattering, it needs to have more of the rayon/spandex blend, to make it heavier & bouncier. then it would "hang" appropriately and "swing" and (hopefully) not add pounds to the wearer. unfortunately this top is too lightweight & has too much material. pass.	Knits
I purchased this top over the weekend and absolutely love it. i am currently 9 months pregnant (due in a week) and this top is perfect bc it has plenty of length. it is super soft and comfortable for the texas heat. i am 5'6'' usually 115 lbs currently closer to 140 lbs.	Knits
Just got this in the mail today. very pretty, soft and comfortable. i could probably have sized down, but it fits fine. for reference, i'm 5'4", 138 lbs and i got an xs. grab this while it's on sale!	Knits
This dress is stunning. it is beautifully made with laces and beading in a way that is art. it fits in a very flattering and comfortable way. i think is would flatter any body type. the details are captivating and it immediately grabs the spotlight when you walk into a room.i ordered online and when it arrived i was stunned with it's exotic use of fabrics, textures.....a rare find and a must have.	Dresses
I really wanted to like this shirt the quality is amazing and much prettier in person but it is hard to take care of. if you wash it the wrinkles are horrible so it has to be dry clean only. also the back is ridiculously long it looks very odd from the side view.	Knits
This top is beautiful on, it has very feminine detail and is very flattering. the first time i wore it i got 4 compliments on it. i would definitely recommend!	Knits
I originally bought this in medium, my normal size. when it arrived, it was absolutely huge, like wearing teepee. i took it back to the store, and re ordered a small, in the black, and now it fits great. this is a great shirt, but giving four stars due to the inconvenience.	Knits
I love this dress, i love the style, i love the pattern, i love the feel of the fabric. there's a slight puffiness to the shoulders that surprised and delighted me. however, i think it runs a little large, particularly because it's not fitted at all - that tie around the waist is the only defining feature, and it's a great one: this dress (and your figure) needs it. i am 135 pounds, 5'5", and i normally wear a 6. perhaps i should've known to try a small, but i went with my usual size in dresses	Dresses
This top is really nice and the fabric is more substantial than it looks in the photo. it has a great shape and is nicely made. i ordered an xs, which i nesrly always wear, but i measure 35" in the bust and it fits well, but no extra room. i'm petite and it is not too oversized. really cute top and a great value.	Knits
This is such a beautiful top. i sized down from a large to medium and it fits but too long and full for my shape. also found the armholes too deep and revealing for my large bust. sadly, returning.	Knits
I agree with the other reviews, this top runs large so size down. with that being said, this is a beautiful top, love it!	Knits
This top is soft and comfortable without being some shapeless drag with too much fabric. i did size down as did the other woman in the store with me. i can see many more wears out of this top. wish it had been made in other colors or white would be beautiful!	Knits
This top is beautifully constructed, fits true to size i ordered a medium - the armholes are nicely cut - not too loose will be able to wear with a racer back bra, accommodates my larger bust 34dd.	Knits
This is a very pretty summer top. the detailing at the neckline adds interest, and the floral pattern is gorgeous! one note: in the picture, the top appears to have a white background, but it is actually more of an ivory/cream color. this is definitely a swing top style with a lot of room in the body. i am 5' 8", 145, and normally wear a medium or 6 in retailer tops. i ordered a small in this top, and it fit great at the top but was almost too large in the body of the top. i am considering	Knits
This top is a perfect example of why retailer is heaven. the attention to detail is stunning and it drapes beautifully. i am 5'6" and 140lbs with an average build. an xs fits me perfectly. this top is very flowy. i could wear it until about six months into a pregnancy, yet it is flattering even though i am not currently adding to the human race. it's an investment, but it's high quality and worthy of the price tag.	Knits
The print is beautiful and the detail on the chest is so pretty. th fabric is a soft t-shirt martial. i ordered a medium and it fits like a large. it is supposed to be flowy and loose though. overall i feel beautiful in it. great for our hot humid charleston summers!	Knits
I tried this one on twice before i committed to it, but i'm so glad i did!! this top has a lot of volume. it is fitted in the arms (but stretchy), has quite a large neckhole (but lays beautifully on my neck and shoulders), and has a lot of volume on bottom. what i love about it is the variance in length at the hem. it's long in the front and back, then comes up on the sides. this makes the top really feminine and lovely! it's the perfect top for women who carry weight in their belly or butt...i	Knits
I tried this shirt on on a whim in my local store when i was there to shop the sale items an to my surprise, it was very flattering and comfortable. it had a unique fit and design; i tried on the black in an xs (my usual size) and surprisingly, i didn't find it to be too big at all. it fit just like it did on the model. you could almost wear it as a mini dress over leggings/shorts based on the length. like one of the previous reviewers, it would be great if it came in other colors. this top woul	Knits
The fabric and style on this swing tee are really nice but be aware it runs really, really large. i downsized on my order because of the style but it wasn't enough. like wearing a tent. i would recommend it but know its very full. i did return it.	Knits
The quality of this top does not disappoint; but it does run very large. i wear a size 14 and a 40d bra size; & the xl fit more like a xxl and was too big. i am exchanging it for a size smaller. i can't wait to enjoy it!	Knits
Love this shirt so much. it is comfortable and a beautiful print. i sized down because it is very flowy! it is ivory instead of white, but still looks beautiful. one of my favorite tops.	Knits
This is the reason i doggedly fight for items at retailer as there are often maybe 6 made in my xxsp.you really have to see this in person. even the slip could be worn as a chemise alone with the double layer and dots. the colors are gorgeous. i wanted this to try with my burgundy velvet blazer (and it works withe the copper color - too). the dress is really a swing shape - not close fitting - no "waistline" so it is very comfortable. the sleeves are fitted, but stretchy so should not be a	Dresses
This dress, it is heartbreakingly gorgeous, stunning. the entire idea and design is so gorgeous! the style with the sleeves, embroidery and slight shimmer at the top, two layers underneath, the dress is extremely gorgeous. i am so so so sad i could not keep it. i don't get why the sizes are so off here. i have come across so many clothes with gorgeous embroidery but too loose or too tight. i didn't want to send this dress back but it did not look good. it was just too loose. sad!!	Dresses
This is one of my favorite retailer dresses of all time. it is soo much better in person and on than the stock photos. very romantic and fun.	Dresses
Frustrated that the details don't mention there's a side zip. for whatever reason, i have the hardest time fitting into dresses with side zips and so i was annoyed that the details say it's a pull-on style when that's not the case. there's also no give in the waist. besides the fit not working for me, it was a pretty dress but overall a little too much going on.	Dresses
I love this dress! there are so many different looks you can get just by adjusting the straps or shoulders. the material is lightweight and flows with every turn. i ordered my usual size 10 and it fits perfectly. i did need a little assistance in getting the side zip to go up, but once it was on i didn't want to take it off.	Dresses
I bought this in size xl. it ran much shorter & smaller than is typical for this brand. i found the arms tighter on me compared to the model's photos. the lace itself was pretty, intricate and washed well. i wish this shirt had worked but i ended up donating it after wearing it a couple times. the cropped length and close-fit just didn't work on me. i thought the sleeve shape was pretty. with just a little more material, this would have been a favorite. i hope it works well on whoever receives i	Knits
I don't have anything like it in my closet, really excited to wear it	Dresses
I love this dress, it is very photo friendly which is a big plus for me. i am not the tallest person, 5'4" but i had to be careful not to get my sleeves in the food i was preparing. perhaps the sleeve length is a bit longer on me, but i had to be very cautious while trying to put the finishing touches on our holiday feast. it's just something to be aware of. i suggest sushi or a nice cheese plate if you want to wear it as the hostess.	Dresses
I love this dress. my favorite retailer purchase in years. it is perfect. looks great- no need for ironing and is really sexy for the length and amount of material. i would buy it 10 more times if i could. yes!	Dresses
This dress has beautiful lines. i loved the design on the material, but the fabric looked very cheap & even was already snagged when it arrived. unfortunately, i must return it.	Dresses
I bought this dress online last week (in large part based on all the positive reviews), then i saw it in the store. i didn't try it on because it was already on the way to me and i had ordered a petite anyway and the store didn't carry petites. i have to say when i saw it hanging in the store i was disappointed! for some reason i didn't realize it was a sweater dress and it looked frumpy on the hanger. so i had resigned myself to returning it once i received it. well it came today and i figured	Dresses
Very cute and comfortable dress. run true to size. i usually wear a 4 and the s fits nicely. stretchy and soft!	Dresses
I was very excited about this dress but when it came i saw it had too much going on. it either needs the ruffle taken away ( my first choice) or the halter part taken away. in the end i think it needs to go back.	Dresses
I was excited to order this dress based on the reviews. it was better than i expected. the fit is perfect and one of the most comfortable dresses i own. the fit is flattering and i will get plenty of use out of this one!	Dresses
The color is a nice cool red and the material is very soft. but the dress left me feeling shapeless and the bell sleeve overtook it. i wanted to love it, but it just wasn't working for me. i'm 5'8" and purchased a s. it fits true to size, however it was loose around the waist and just wasn't complimentary on me. this will have to go back.	Dresses
First i definitely understand why most reviewers either adore or hate this dress. luckily for me it worked in my favor although i will point out the downsides too. (1) it runs small. the only reason i was able to fit my usual size is because i have a tiny bust and have been working to tone up. but still i had to maneuver to get the sidezip up. i would size up but....(2) being that this dress runs small it appears more fitted on top as if it were a fit and flare or bustier which i like. (3) you h	Dresses
When i first saw this online, i knew i had to have it. so, when dresses were 25% off, i grabbed the deal! it's perfect. it's super soft and an appropriate length. i love the bell sleeves-they're ultra feminine and slightly trendy, but not too much! i definitely recommend this dress! reference: 5'7, 140ish lbs--size 27 in jeans, xs/s/4 in tops and dresses and the small fit me better than the xs.	Dresses
I'm an hourglass shape and on me this dress didn't give me any shape at all. and i felt the bell sleeves were a little much. the lining though is really soft and excellent for colder weather. and the print is very pretty, just as pictured.	Dresses
Overall a very nice and unique dress. it does have too much going on, but can be worn in a versatile way, and if you are small chested, without a bra. i am not a big fan of the material, i wish it was softer. it definitely has a gypsie/bohemian look if that is what you are looking for!	Dresses
This is a lovely dress and exceeded all of my expectations. very unique and well-made. swing dresses can be a hit or miss, sometimes, but this one is perfect. couldn't be happier!	Dresses
This shirt fits really well- i ordered a size small and it's definitely a bit form fitting. i was a little bit hesitant to purchase this at first- for a tshirt it's a pretty hefty price. but the quality and cut are really quite attractive and worth every penny.	Knits
I'm 5'2, 105lbs and bought xsp. seems a bit too short for my taste especially since this is a popover, but not bad enough to return. everywhere else fits tts. nothing stunning about it, but is unique enough to add to my everyday casual. it would be better if there are more colors to choose from.	Knits
This dress looked adorable online, but unfortunately, it's not flattering at all, and it's completely see-through. completely. the material is so thin that i can't imagine it would hold up very well over time. this one is definitely going back.	Dresses
This feels so nice and light and summery. nothing like a crisp white top for the season.	Knits
As another reviewer noted, the upper portion (back, chest, shoulders, etc.) fit nicely. however, the body of the dress was enormous and did, indeed, make me look much heavier throughout the middle. back to the store it goes.	Dresses
I bought the blue & black, they are great basics. got the small. i am normally a extra small in retailer.	Knits
I purchased this dress before reading any of the reviews. i ended up reading them the day the dress was to arrive---and they worried me, since i was so excited for this dress! i put it on and i feel like it is not much different from the photo here online. it is meant to be roomy. it is more fitted on top, and the back is cute to give it some shape too. but it is meant to be loose fitting. i personally love it. i have added a belt to give it more shape when i want, worn it on its own, or with a	Dresses
Definitely size up...possibly two sizes. i can often wear an xs and the s is skin tight on me. other than that, it's a nice neutral piece.	Knits
I'm a rather small person--5'2", about 100 lbs, 32a bust. i typically take a 24p/00p/xxs. knowing how retailer's sizing is a bit all over the place, i ordered this tee in both xxs and xs, planning to return the size that was less preferred. imagine my surprise when i try on one of the tees and i barely can get it on; imagine my further surprise when i realize that the xs is the tee that was so clingy. now i realize that this is supposed to be a body-skimming tee, but even as petite as i am, i coul	Knits
I ordered christmas presents online this year. they arrived very quickly and were well received! they are ferry pretty!!! i will order online again!!!	Knits
I bought this in store on sale and absolutely love it.	Knits
Although it kind of ran big and the material is stiff causing some protrusion off my shoulders, i decided to keep it only because it was unique and still looked cute	Knits
As of late, it's been difficult for me to find clothing at retailer that fit's true-to-size. i'm 5'2" and 107 lbs. and i've had to return several pieces because they were too big on me. this versatile piece fits true-to-size. i purchased an xsp. like the previous reviewer, i've tried this with a couple of different long-sleeve shirt and tights combinations. i think this will work in the spring and fall, too as the material is in between heavy and light/airy. great for work.	Dresses
I purchased this shirt in blue hoping it would be a basic add-on to my wardrobe. it's been about a month and i have since washed and worn it twice. the color is now fading and i found a hole in the front of the shirt! i'm not sure if its the fine fabric that caused it to tear, but i washed it on gentle cycle and didn't do anything that would have warranted a tear. sadly this did not serve up to its purpose. i wouldn't suggest paying the price tag or even sale price for an item that i don't expec	Knits
This ribbed henley is incredibly soft. you'll love the way it feels, but it does run a little small so i'd recommend getting one size up if you don't want it to be too form fitting.	Knits
I think this top is great. it does show cleavage. also, it's very romantic. i can't wait to wear it. if only the store had had the red and wine colors in stock too.	Knits
I was so excited to get this dress since it look so pretty on line but unfortunately the it was horrendous on. the model must have the dress tailored because it looks like a huge tent on me. it was very wide bust down and made me look 30 lbs heavier. i'm 5'4 and 125 lbs- ordered extra small and it fits bust up and arms so i say it's tts up top.	Dresses
Like the color and the dotted fabric. the length is good. the fabric on the back is a nice touch. fits well and hangs well.	Dresses
Dress is very flattering on, not tent-like at all!	Dresses
This is my new favorite shirt. i'm actually wearing it today! i had to order another in white too. grab it while you can!	Knits
This is a basic henley, and it is made well; a wardrobe staple, for sure. the cut is flattering, and the material is soft. i ordered the small, which is tight fitting. i'm a 34 c for reference.	Knits
I loved the cut and style of this shirt, so was very disappointed when i put it on and it was very tight and slightly see-through. if you do order it, get it in a size larger.	Knits
I ordered this dress in a xs petite. i am 5'0" 105 lbs. the plaid looks more drab in person and the fit was very frumpy. the wrap style is typically flattering but on this dress, the dress tied above my natural waist and the fit made my hips appear larger. i was pretty disappointed in this little number and will be sending it back. it might work on taller people, like the model, but i would steer clear if you are a petite.	Dresses
I originally bought this shirt in the blood orange color, which is lovely and vibrant. the shirt is extremely comfortable and very flattering. however, it is also very, very cheap. after about five washes, it has pilled and worn, the color has faded a bit, and i doubt it will make it through the spring. for perspective, i wash all my clothes on cold and use the "air dry" setting on my dryer.nonetheless, even having experienced the wear and tear, i went back and bought this shirt in every other	Knits
This dress caught my eye because of the beautiful fabric, but i read the reviews online so i didn't buy it. i just went to a store and couldn't help but try on the size small. i usually range from an xs to a s, and i would say that the size s fits great around my shoulders. it is true what the other shoppers say about this dress being like a tent. it is and i won't lie about that. when i tried it on, i asked a sales person to bring me some belts to try on to create a waistline. once i put on a b	Dresses
The shirt is very big. it would be cute as a maternity shirt.	Knits
I'd seen this in the store pre-sale and was delighted to see it on sale. i'm 5'4", 125 lbs and prefer a looser fit, so went with the medium, as i expect that it may shrink a bit. but i appreciated the creative take on a classic look, good quality of the fabric, and this will go with everything in the summer. or even beforehand -- with a cardigan.	Knits
I ordered this in white. the material is similar to a polo shirt, which i hadn't counted on. it was also on the large size and just unflattering on me. still, the quality seemed to be good.	Knits
Appears much more sleek in the photograph. in real life, this shirt looks more like a pajama top. thin, extremely casual, not worth the price i paid- even in black. will be exchanging it tomorrow.	Knits
I could live in this top: it's versatile enough to be dressed up or down or worn as a bottom layer; the color offerings are basic enough to match anything; and it's comfortable enough to wear around the clock. note that it runs small. i had to size up to a medium, even though 80% of everything else i wear is size small.	Knits
I saw this top online and read the reviews that it was running small. i am normally an xxs in most retailer clothing. i am 5'6 110 for reference. found it in the store and took both the xs and small in to try on. the reviewers were right! i tried the xs on first and it was quite snug and short. the small fit perfectly. it was a bit longer too. great style and soft fabric. once you size up, you'll love it...	Knits
I love the color, the fabric and the style (especially in the model shots) but in reality, the cut is disproportionate. the hips and hip pockets flare out creating a saddlebag look. it is not smooth and fitted as shown on the model. overall you need to size down since i could pullover the dress without unzipping. i think the felted boiled wool is great quality but a tiny bit itchy. i still recommend the dress because i will be wearing it with a long sweater coat which will hide the weird hip act	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. it's a great weight, unique pattern, and has gorgeous colors. it's fairly forgiving because of the heavy fabric but may run small on bottom. i am a 10 or 12 in pants, 10 dress right now and i bought the 12. i am 5'8" and 175 lbs, and 36c - also in the last stretch of a weight loss journey so if that helps anyone choose sizing... also i have to buy long or tall pants and this dress was not too short and did not show my smooth wear underneath. i love it and bought it at	Dresses
Comfortable and loose fitting- perfect for summer weekends when you just want an easy dress to throw on. can go from home to running errands to going out for lunch. good color, too!	Dresses
This top looked so cute on! i loved the color and the way it looked on my body. as cute as this looked tied, it could also be worn open as well with a tank top. loved it!	Knits
This is a comfortable cardigan in a versatile color palette. size small fits a little snug in the shoulder area but other wise true to size. fabric is soft. great quality for the price!	Knits
Loved this sweater wrap and bought it in both colors. very light weight and i will get lots of use out of this. i wish retailer would have more pieces like this. a+	Knits
This does run a little large, but it's light and flattering for me. the material is a very light/thin chambray, but it's also lined.	Dresses
This dress in orange is lovely. it's very light weight which i was slightly disappointed by, i prefer heavier dresses. but it'll be good for spring and summer. it still seems to be constructed well. i'm 5'8" and 170 and the 8 i purchased is a little too tight. so i'm thinking it may run a little smaller than some other dress brands i have from retailer. 8 is usually my go to size. a 10 would have probably been perfect.	Dresses
The cascadia cardigan is a flattering piece that is perfect for fall. arms are longer, which i appreciate being 5'8". the backside is on the shorter side. overall really love this piece.	Knits
I think this fits to true to size. i am 5"2 and 107 lbs. i always wear a xs. it was a tiny bit tight in the bust if i wore a big padded bra (34b). if i wore a normal very little padding bra, it did not pull much across the bust.	Dresses
I really like this top! excellent over a casual dress!! perfect for spring, summer and fall!	Knits
Love the dress and went a size up as recommended by other reviewers. but it was still too small. it's just not roomy enough in the chest--total boob squash. had to return it.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. the embroidery is really lovely in person. i find that this brand runs a bit small usually. i am usually an 8 but had to go up to a 10 to fit my hips. i am a little bit pear shaped so that might be why.	Dresses
Dress is actually very cute - i like it better in person than online. the color is a very pretty deep denim blue color. it is cut very roomy/swingy. length is a bit too long in the back for my taste but still like the way it flows. i am very slight of frame and on me there is a lot of extra material but nothing a good tailor can't fix in a jiffy. perfect for a summer day/bbq or casual party.	Dresses
This is one of my favorite pieces. simple, classy, and cozy!	Knits
Comfortable and flows well, does run large, order one size smaller.	Knits
I'm too tall for this. back goes halfway up my back. cannot do much with it other than front tie. fabric is not soft at all. not impressed. returned it.	Knits
This is truly a lovely dress. the colors are beautiful and i love the contrasting but complimentary fabrics which add interest to an already elegant dress. the material is substantial without being stiff so that it flows gracefully and it flatters the figure.in my opinion if fits true to size, i'm 32b, 5' and 103lbs and i got it in a 2p which is the size i normally get in dresses. it is slightly more loose than other retailer dresses in the same size but it still follows your curves without being	Dresses
Love this versatile cardigan, have both blue & orange colors & they're beautiful. it's light weight yet cozy. true to size but the sleeves are a little snug so if you like roomier sleeves size up.	Knits
I love it. perfect, body hugging, just right length and great fabric colors. this shift fits just above knee and follows every curve. it is, however, unforgiving-there is no room in this to cover bumps or bulges; it is sleek and so figure-flattering. i am 140 lbs, 5'5 tall and 34d and it fits perfectly. one more pound and it wouldn't have zipped! i got a size 6 (my usual)!but too tight had to size up to 8. if you are on the fence, go up a size. i can't, however, imagine wearing this sleeveless a	Dresses
This dress is really beautiful. very well made and high quality fabrics. unfortunately, it is cut very narrow. i am between sizes, ordered up and still felt like it was at least a size too small. i think if you have any curves in your midsection that this dress is going to be a challenge. if you are lean and straight then this will look great on you.	Dresses
Easy to take this dress from casual to dressy! super comfortable and cute!	Dresses
Debated for a while about this dress...love the flower embroidery but i was worried the nude colored top would look drab on. it actually looks nice on my skin (tan-ish, yellow toned), surprisingly. however, there is a noticeable amount of extra room in the waist (i have a 24'' waist. it wrinkles a bit in that area when i move around. i'm not sure if that's a deal breaker or not...i guess now i have even more to debate about. the length is a tiny bit longer on me than on the model #5'0'', 100 lbs	Dresses
I love this dress but when i put it on i was aghast! the chest was tight and the body was voluminous!! added the pounds which no wants! best left to the waify girls.	Dresses
This cardigan is light weight and can be used for all seasons. additionally, you can wear it tied in the front or down for a cascade look. can be worn for the office or with jeans. love this little good for everything closet staple!	Knits
I don't like how short it is in the back.i also prefer a solid vs. slubby material, back it goes.	Knits
Love this dress! it is tighter in the chest area than maybe expected, but not unwearable, though i am smaller chested. it will be great for hot summer days as it has a light lining.	Dresses
So.. i saw this dress like a month ago and i fell in love. utter i-have-to-have-it love. before dropping $200 superfast, i gave myself some time to think it over. well, of course i decided to order it, and of course my size was sold out. most of the sizes were sold out, actually. they did have a petite left, so after i dried my eyes, i decided to wing it. the petite actually fit. the mid section is a little snugger than i am normally comfortable with (although the top is so structured that it ac	Dresses
Very cute, and well made. fits true to size.	Dresses
I was on the fence about this cardigan. once i got it in the mail, it's cute! it will go great with a long tank or longer t-shirt. worth the sale price! i ordered a small and is true to size.	Knits
I ordered this dress in a size 2, it puckered at my lower back. i am still so disappointed in the fact that i really wanted the navy option in this dress, that i chose to ultimately return it instead of exchange for a 4. it is truly gorgeous though, the black and pink just does not compliment my complection.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and so striking in it's unique design. i ordered a 4, as that is what i usually wear. about halfway up my body i knew it was not even going to zip! i did not even try. i love the fabric and colors so much though that i am going to try a 6. here's hoping it works!	Dresses
This cardigan is lovely, casual layering piece. it's a very thin lightweight knit and pairs well with a tee or tank under it. i really like the color and the style. the longer front can drape or tie for multiple looks	Knits
This dress is gorgeous, well made, lined, and tts. i get compliments each time i wear it and find it unique yet classy and appropriate for work. unlike some of the maeve tops i have purchased this year, it does not run big, and if you are banking on a little stretch, i would order the next size up. you won't be disappointed!	Dresses
This dress is fabulous with attention to most details. 5'4" 103 lbs the 00 fits perfectly. overall fit is excellent, sleek, but not form fitting so very appropriate for work. length is also great, another plus.for work, many times the dresses are just a tad short, but this is great. arm holes are also great, not overly long as they often are. very nicely lined, substantial fabric. the only lack of attention to detail is they did not include the bra strap holders. why can't more dresses be made t	Dresses
I really loved the pattern and style of this dress! unfortunately, i had to return it because i have broad shoulders and it is a pretty stiff top that cut into the flabby area near my armpits. for most people it's probably perfect! but if you have wide shoulders or any concerns about the armpit flab, this might not be a great choice for you.	Dresses
This dress is gourgeous, will be able to wear year round.just add a cardigan or blazer.the only fault i find in it is the waist band is a bit wide.however i have a hour glass shape, so my waist is very small	Dresses
I love the black and pale pink of this dress, the contrasting fabrics and the embroidery. my favorite kind of dress, creative and a little edgy, but elegant and can be dressed for the office too. ordered a size up from my usual size because i tried the previous dress in this style and it was a bit snug. the size up was a good decision, fits in the shoulders and waist better. the fabrics are nice and the finishing on the dress is well done. the mesh in the bodice is a little delicate and i will h	Dresses
It's relatively light material; even if you layered a sweater over this i can't see it being good for winter. i'm in california so it's fine :) length is great - i'm 5"4 and it hits just at the knee. i'm a true size 2/small and this fit great, even though i have a curvier figure. pretty classic dress.	Dresses
I was looking for something to wear over a spirit football shirt and this was the perfect piece. it's light weight and the material is super soft. you can wear it tied or untied.	Knits
This lift weight cardigan is true to size, perfect for fall or spring. colors are quite nice, especially the little pops of orange.	Knits
This dress is everything everyone said it was in the reviews. so cute and beautifully made. fully lined.i felt it ran a bit small as i had to return it for the next size up, more so in the bust area. but the fit and length was perfect in the size 6. 5"10, 125lbs. i will say that all the raving reviews made me purchasethe dress without hesitation and i'm sure glad i did!	Dresses
This dress is everything i love about retailer. a never-could-have-guessed-it, feminine, textured twist on a classic. it's beautiful, it's comfortable. the cut is true to size (for me) and figure flattering.	Dresses
The patters/colors on this dress are much more stunning in person. it is lined and feels very well made. the pockets don't add bulk to the hip area as many times they do, which is great. the fit can be tricky if you have any semblance of curves. if you can, try this one on in a store before buying. for reference: i am 5'7", have broad shoulders, am pear shaped (i have hips and a good sized rear end), 34b bust, weigh 145 lbs., and generally wear a size 6 or 8 for tops and bottoms. the size 8 fit	Dresses
I really liked this little cardigan. so simple, light weight, and comfy. i have grabbed it and put it on 3 times the first week i got it.	Knits
I love this dress. it fits great on curvy girls. the armholes are a bit big (i had to get it altered) but its great. it had two pockets which are great. good length and comfortable fabric.	Dresses
The material is so soft and the design makes it a little more fancy so you can dress this tank up or down. its definitely an instant favorite. and the color blue is a beautiful rich blue	Knits
Awesome light shrug. goes with so many out fits, over tees and dresses. tts. get one! orange color is a pretty neutral.	Knits
This is ruching done right! i tried this dress on and the two other women who saw me in it went to try it on as well.it is fitted, but comfortable and because it is well cut the ruching hides a multitude of sins to leave you looking sleek and curvy in all the right places. it is also a versatile layering piece and would look great with almost anything. so unless this particular color is your nemesis, this dress is a winner!	Dresses
How could this not be flattering to every figure? bunching of fabric is awesome at hiding imperfections (i know, i have become a master at hiding some of my residual baby weight for years now). this, paired with a darker color (and not black, yay!) makes for a perfect combination in a dress. i love that this is a deep purple, it is a dark color which is slimming, but in addition it has more appeal being colored. and it is so versatile! wear it along or with a cardigan/jacket on top. heels or boo	Dresses
This looks just like the picture. it's soft and very comfortable - looks great with skinny jeans and boots. love it!	Knits
Purchased on sale and worth the $20 or so dollars. just a good basic top. scoop neck not too deep, fabric is opaque enough to not need a cami.	Knits
I am 5'9" 155#. i bought the charcoal gray in a large and i love it. fabric is super soft. hangs beautifully. no weird spreading across the chest like the previous reviewer. i have long arms and the sleeves are long and hit me mid palm just like the model in the photo. i have worn the sleeves rolled up and down and it works. recommend this for a casual comfy top with interesting design.	Knits
Love, love, love this shirt! much like last year's bordeaux shirt in this style, it's very soft, very flattering, and very comfortable. fits tts, and the fabric is a very soft, stretchy cotton, yet not too clingy around the mid section (it has a nice, flowy fit#. it washes great, doesn't pill #again, the fabric is fantastic), and holds up really well. i bought the black with white stripes this year, but i'm tempted to get every color. it's great for layering too since the fabric is nice and thin	Knits
Pretty much awesome... i tried it on in regualr size jsut to see, and i could almost get away with it... too bad i dind't try it on before hte 25% of f dresses... (also, i don't have an occasion to wear this).length is midi, but since it is gathered, i could pull it up a little so it falls in the right spot on me.color is very nice, overall sexy dress.material is soft and comfortable, nothing wrong except i missed out on the sale! :-)	Dresses
I bought this dress for a wedding but decided it wasn't dressy enough and ended up exchanging it even though i really wanted to keep it? i ordered a xs and it fit like a glove, the gathering makes for a forgiving and flattering look and the color is absolutely gorgeous! very classy length for such a form fitting dress, too. i probably would have cut down the neck if i ended up keeping it bc high/tight turtlenecks aren't my thing which is reason for only 4 stars.	Dresses
There is a reason everyone is giving this dress 5 stars. it is stunning, flattering, versatile and comfortable. i'm a slim, athletic size 4-6. my store only had one of these and it was a medium. i'm generally a small but on the hanger it looks like a slim tube so i thought i'd try it. fits fabulous. due to the stretch and shape of the dress i'd say a size medium could fit a 4-10. so, don't worry about sizing up or down one in this dress. suuuuuper stretchy so even though it fits close down throu	Dresses
This is a nice, soft shirt that is very comfortable to wear. the collar on this shirt makes this more than just a regular shirt. although the shirt seems more fitted on the model, i found it to run large. if you are going for the same look, you might want to size down. however, i like the shirt and am keeping it. it is a good thing too, because the navy color went fast. very nice shirt and a pretty good price too.	Knits
I have several of these shirts and love them. i can dress them up or down, and they look great. comfortable and soft, and lose enough to be flattering but not bulky. great buy!	Knits
Very happy with this online dress purchase! it fits tts and i love the ruching. i've already gotten compliments on it!	Dresses
Saw this online- my size out (xs/s p). online did have xs. checked store saw how great the dress looked at store, able to try on only one avail at store (m). ordered xs online. fits well with ada belt and cardigan. until straps altered will keep cardigan on.very comfortable and cute- lots of compliments worn to work	Dresses
I own several of these tops and i love them. i am 5'10, 140 lbs and i wear a small. i bought the gray and white stripe and the ivory and black stripe and they are very flattering. the front hits me at the same place as it does on the model and the back covers my butt. i own several of the solid colors in this style as well and they are just as great. this shirt is so soft and comfortable, you won't regret buying it!	Knits
Got this in the red, like previous reviewer mentioned - it does fit snug.you might need to size up if you are busty and want a much looser fit.other than that, super comfortable and soft fabric	Knits
I usually wear xl in tops at retailer, but i picked this one up in a l. it's stretchy and super soft, but doesn't breathe all that well.	Knits
I can always count on retailer to sell unique pieces, so when i saw this sweatshirt online, i ordered it right away. it&#39;s adorable and quirky, however, when i received it in the mail, it reminded me of something my grandma would wear. the sleeves are puff sleeves and are really long, while the bottom of the sweatshirt hit pretty high on my waist that when i raised my arms my stomach was showing. if this was a more tailored sweatshirt, i would be keeping it, but sadly it&#39;s going back.	Knits
The color of this dress is sublime. so is the fit. ruching in all the right places. made me feel glamorous. it's a dress that you can easily wear to a holiday party and then still rock it a couple of days later with a sweater coat, vest, or cropped jacket. the material feels so nice against the skin too. it's a must have.	Dresses
I was a little hesitant when i ordered this dress, but needed something for my husband's company dinner. this dress is perfection! i'm 5'9", about 160 (i got it in medium), definitely on the curvier side and this dress hugged all my curves in the right places! love the ruching, hides all the imperfections. the color is gorgeous, paired it with a black cardigan and black heeled shooties, got so many compliments! on a plus side, my husband couldn't keep his hands off me all night, kept going on an	Dresses
My sales assistant/style consultant watched the dresses i had collected to try on, and how they fit, and she brought this dress in, with a silk cocoon wrap for me to try on. i took one look on the hanger and made an assumption it would be too snug, highlight every bump, and i could not have been more wrong! this dress is wonderful on! it is the most flattering thing i have now in my closet. you must try this on to see how flattering it is. i am still stunned with how it looked and made me feel.	Dresses
Wow. bailey 44 knocks it out of the park with this sensual, i-am-woman-hear-me-purr body-slimming dress. we all have our hang ups. this dress forces you to see all the beauty that everyone else sees. the rouching covers up any dimpling or rolls you think you have. the body conscious structure lets you see those curves you knew existed but deny yourself from loving. oh - you hate your arms? me too! guess what - you don't even notice them because you're so focused on how amazing you look. the cut	Dresses
This is a very awkward and unflattering shirt. i am very petite--90 pounds and 5'2". the arms fit--length and width, but nothing else about this fit. the scoop was so low and wide that i would require a shirt underneath. it fell exactly like a tent and made a bell shape around my thighs. yikes! it looks cute on the model, but not on me. the material is also very thin and felt sort of like it should be a pajama top.	Knits
I wasn't planning on loving this dress when i tried it on. i loved the the color which is what prompted me to buy it. this dress fit perfectly. it hugs my body without feeling tight. the ruching is perfect. i didn't want to take it off! it's also very comfortable.i'm 5'1" , 107lbs and the xs petite fit perfectly. the dress hits me at the same length that is pictured. i think it would be easy to hem if you wanted it to be shorter. i have a short torso and saw no issues with that as some reviewer	Dresses
True to size and lovely dress, except the arm pit area is tight and pinches. had to return.	Dresses
I'm 5'0 and 114 pounds and got the small petite. i have broad shoulders and am slim hipped. i no longer have a waistline, thanks to having given birth, but this dress really hid that. it gave me a figure! the ruching is super flattering and the material has enough support (with stretch!) to hide any unsightly rolls.so why did i return it? i did, after all, get many compliments from females while trying it on. they loved the color on my pale olive complexion (i'm filipino with -ahem- blond hair	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous in person and so comfortable. i wore this to a business meeting and got several compliments on it. i am 5 feet tall and it does run a little long on me, a petite small hits me slightly below the knee. however, the dress is so nice that i am keeping it.	Dresses
This is a great basic shirt. it has room in the midsection so you can tuck in or not. it is also extremely soft. i am 5'9, a 10 and the m fit just right.	Knits
This is the perfect grab and go t-shirt. i love the fun design as it takes a simple t-shirt and makes it fun. i originally ordered the small but it was way to big for me especially at the waist. the bottom half of this top is much looser and if you want to have a more fitted look, size down. very cute.	Knits
Like most people here, i wanted this beautiful dress to fit. so, i decided to see for myself if maybe, just maybe the negative reviews were wrong. they weren't. if you have any sort of breasts at all, the top probably won't fit properly. i imagine a narrow upper torso, like a 32 or 33, possibly a 34 might find the top part of the dress closes properly, but with a 36 c, i could not get a size 12 to button up. the waist hit at a strange spot, and despite the picture showing a narrow waist and grad	Dresses
I was hesitant to buy this dress with all the reviews regarding poor fit, particularly in the bust area, but it's so unique that i decided to give it a try anyway by ordering a petite size. i was pleasantly surprised to find that it fits beautifully in my usual size. i did not find the bust to be small at all, and the overall fit was very slimming and flattering. for reference, i am 5'2" 110lbs 32dd, and the size 2p looks great and is very comfortable. the 0p might have worked too. the material	Dresses
I absolutely love this top. i am short (5'2") but curvy on the bottom with a 36dd bust. i ordered the xl, only because of my upper body. it fits great, as i don't like anything to hug my body. but it doesn't look like a tent. has a little a-line shape to it. another reason i go for the larger size is i like to dry all my clothes. ordered the grey and will order in the black, also.	Knits
I love a dolman. the tassled dolman is slimming, light and comfortable.	Knits
Love this top. work appropriate and dress down worthy. i also like the fact that it is not clingy around the waist. comfortable fabric.	Knits
My usual size was a bit large and baggy in most areas but the bust was sooo soo small. the button popped and i had barely moved. do not recommend this one for anyone with a bust. the detailing is very pretty though for someone that can make this work.	Dresses
I loved this top, and i normally order petites when i'm able to, but this wasn't offered in a petite size so i took a chance and ordered it in regular. just got it in the mail and when i pulled it out i thought wow, it is a petite! but its not, just runs small. i got the xs size and it was tight under the arms, and the peplum bottom came up a bit high and felt slightly maternity-ish the way the bottom part flared out. i actually thought it was a bit too short too, even on me (5'2", about 118 lbs	Knits
I loved this dress and was hoping to keep it. but, for an a-lign dress it was not roomy enough in the hips and the waist was baggy. i think this dress would look great on a very very slim build with straight hips.	Dresses
This dress is a beautiful vibrant color and a classic fit and flare fit. it does seem to run a bit large, i am 5'0" and 120 lbs. and wore a 2 petite. it fit nicely and was flattering but still a little roomy. i added a beaded belt to dress it up for my maid of honor duties and despite all the running around, dancing, hugging, buckling the brides shoes and holding my children the lace did not fray and the shape held up beautifully.	Dresses
Like other reviewers have stated, this dress does run small on the chest. i'm 5.3", 32c, 120lbs and size 2 fits me great. however, if my chest size had been, like 34d and up, size 2 will not fit me although i'm petite frame. so, if you have a large chest, i would recommend going 1 or 2 sizes up. if you are like myself, small bust person, then you should try your regular size and one size down to see which one fits you better. i was going to try size zero, however as soon as i tried size 2, i rea	Dresses
I tried this on at the store and i agree with the other reviewwers on the sizing. instead of purchasing my usual size 6, i bought the size 8 as it was indeed a bit tight in the chest for my 34d chest but it was no biggie as they had my size. i love all the embroidery and lace, the length, color and detail on this one. it's also soft and made from cotton so it will be just perfect for summertime and will look adorable with tights and boots and a cardi or jean jacket in the fall:)	Dresses
I swooned over this dress when it first came online. i had never worn a petite size before so i wasn't sure about the fit. i am curvy (34dd-27-42) and normally wear a size 8 dress, but the 6p fit me like it was made for my body. i think this is because the dress runs large, but i really really enjoyed the fit. the quality of the lace is evident immediately and the color is more of a cornflower blue, which i adore. the lace feels like a soft cotton, but has a lot of strength to it. cannot recomme	Dresses
Ok, here is the story: i am 5'5", 118 lb, 34c. i got a 4 and a 6, both are s tad tight at the chest and shoulder area, but i have big shoulders; i am keeping the 6. there is plenty material at the waist and below, but the dress does not look frumpy, at least on me it does not. i like the picture with the belt and i will wear it that way too. i also like the sleeves, they make it easier to wear at work. the material is lovely and so is the embroidery and cut-out. it really is a sweet summer dress	Dresses
Despite the mixed reviews, i went ahead and bought this in my normal size. i am small-chested (34b) and found this to fit perfectly, so i understand why those with large chests were finding this impossible to fit at the top. the fabric and detail are stunning on this. there is not a lot of give to the fabric, but if you are smaller in the bust. buy it!	Dresses
I wanted a turtleneck for layering with cardigans and vests. i ordered the burgundy color in an xs (my usual, 2) and the color is lovely and deep. i absolutely love it. the ribbed design is comfortable. the neck drapes as shown, so it is not constricting at all.	Knits
I thought this top would be a nice addition to my fall wardrobe, and while the color didn't disappoint, everything else did. it's a very loose slub so it's very see through and thin, i'd have to wear a cami under it. also the tie front has a very high slit! like it went almost halfway up the shirt and definitely would have shown skin unless you layered the shirt. i do think this top would be a cute throw on top for yoga/ gym wear, but definitely not at this price. pass for me sadly...	Knits
I tried this on in store in a small and then ordered the medium online i loved it so much! i generally run a small/medium with retailer so i thought this was pretty true to size. i'm also longer through the torso so the medium is better for me to cover my stomach when tied. it is on the thinner side but not see through. perfect for layering and for a mild california winter. can't wait for it to come!	Knits
This dress must be pinned on the model in the picture.i ordered a small although i really needed a petite small, but it was sold out. it is incredibly billowy. very billowy. i love the print and the material but this dress is just so very voluminous. i may have it professionally shortened since i am only 5' and the dress hits just below my knees. i'm hoping that helps since i'd really love to keep it.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful in person, the details on it are amazing. the only problem i had was that it ran small. i am usually an 8 or 10 in retailer dresses, but had to size up to a 12 just to be able to breath. the top on the 10 was tight in the chest and arms. when i sized up to the 12 there was more room, but not by much. the embroidery detail on the dress is the best part, it is exactly as shown in the picture. plus it has pockets which is always a plus for me. lightweight and great for warm we	Dresses
I'm 5'-4", 130lbs with a 32f chest. this dress looked like a cross between little house on the prairie and a mu mu. i can't imagine this looking good on anyone who isn't 7' tall. also, the straight across, rather high neck line wasn't flattering to a large chest and then the arm holes are huge. the fabric was a bit shiny and felt cheap. it wasn't see through but it had the feel of a nightgown, not a hundred dollar dress.	Dresses
This is so comfortable and flattering and hides everything but yet is fun! i actually love to wear it with jeans. and it goes great with a really great piece of jewelry.	Knits
I love this dress. the design is gorgeous. however the bust is extremely small. only someone in the a or b range will fit into their appropriate size. i am disappointed.	Dresses
This dress fit so oddly. i tried on two different sizes and both did this super unflattering poochy thing at the belly. the dress wasn't tight at my hips in either size, it was just that there was weird extra fabri right around the midsection that stuck out. maybe i was too short? couldn't figure it out. the color and detailing are beautiful though! a little tight in the bust.	Dresses
My measurements: i'm a 36b so i got the medium. it fits perfectly. i originally purchased this in the gray to wear during the day in winter months, but i loved it so much that i came back and purchased the black for evenings with skinny jeans and heels. it's so soft and pretty, can be dressed up or down, and now i'm thinking about getting the wine color too! i *love* it. i washed it in cold/gentle and let it air dry and it held up fine. i wouldn't push it though. treat it delicately. it's a smar	Knits
I really wanted to love this dress because i like the lacing at the neck.. the dress is high quality and comfortable but it runs very large. also... the sleeves on the model are gathered. the sleeves on the dress i received just hang loose and big at the wrist with no gathering whatsoever. they're so wide at the bottom you can't really roll them up without them falling down the next second. it also runs quite long (longer than on the model) and i'm 5'9". unfortunately, i guess i'll be returning	Dresses
Love this turtleneck! it's perfect for fall and to layer. i'm usually an xs in things from retailer and this is no different. i definitely recommend.	Knits
I love this beautiful summer dress! i am tall (5' 10"), and this dress is a great length on me. sometimes with high/low dresses, the "high" is too short, but this dress is perfect. it does run large. i originally ordered a medium, but had to return it for a small. it is very voluminous. my only complaint would be the arm holes are huge. i am going to have to wear a camisole or bandeau top under it, or you can see my bra.	Dresses
I bought this dress for my mom! she usually does not even try dresses on because she feels that they highlight her "problem areas", but she is going on a vacation soon and i thought she could should bring something different for her trip. thankfully, the embroidered waters shirtdress completely surprised her! the fabric is soft and light, the blue is vibrant and perfect for spring/summer, and the cutwork detailing is flirty without being too risky or revealing. she's really excited about this--a	Dresses
I would have kept this dress if it weren't for the giant arm holes and reveal my entire bra on both sides. other than that, it looks just like it does on the model and is a nice, substantial material.	Dresses
Love this top. looks great on, not uncomfortable. it's the right length, the fabric is nice and it feels good on.	Knits
I have been eyeing this top for a couple weeks and finally found it in my store. it was a good sign when i saw our stores in-house stylist wearing it! i absolutely love the fit--it's soft and stretchy and fabric is nice quality. i'm typically a medium, sometimes large--i bought the medium and it's perfect. i could have gone down to a small as well. the large was way too big (for reference i'm 5'8", athletic, 150lbs). this top is going to take me everywhere this summer! worth a try!	Knits
I really was surprised at how much i liked this top. it is, as others pointed out, a poncho type overlay with a tank connected underneath. it is very comfortable and forgiving of any body boo boos. looks great with skinny white pants.	Knits
I wasn't sure how this top would look on me but i tried it on and i love it. plus it is very comfortable. i would highly recommend it!	Knits
I am 5'8" and about 145 lbs - curvy through hips, small up top and i got a small and it fit great. i got it in the wine and it is a pretty color for fall into winter. the fabric is super soft and cozy!	Knits
Maybe i shouldn't have sized up to an xl but i'm not sure a smaller size would have solved the weird fit. the vee is quite low and i'm busty. it'll be really low if you're smaller on top. the fit from back to front where it ties looked horrible on me. not tight at all. it's almost balloon like around the hem and from the side view, i looked like a really wide green apple. i hate leaving a bad review because i know someone may love it but i wouldn't recommend it.	Knits
Loved this so much i bought it in black and in grey. it fits perfectly and it lays awesomely!! i ended up buying the black in medium and the grey in large for a bit of a different look for each. i usually wear a medium or large so i'd say it fits super true to size - just depends on how you want it to fit!	Knits
Thought i would try this as other reviewers loved it and it's out of my comfort zone. it looked like a poncho with a baggy tank underneath. not worth the price. the tassels looked a bit worn as well.	Knits
I tried this dress on in the store, and nearly bought it. other reviewers commented on the tight chest, but i must admit, this was the one part of the dress that fit like a dream on me. however, i am very small busted (34a). the waist is very flattering, as well. but, the skirt seemed to poof out at the wrong spots (namely, where the pockets are- i love pockets, but not when they create extra bulk at my widest points) and the skirt was about two or three inches longer than i would've liked. anyt	Dresses
This top is great for layering or by itself over skinny jeans or leggings! i'm 5'5 and this is the perfect length! ??????	Knits
I am tall, so this dress hits slightly above the knee on me. the peek-a-boo detail on the skirt and shoulders is flirty, but still modest. this dress is super comfortable and is going to be a summer staple for me. i also love that this dress is button-down, it is an easy piece to wear for new moms!	Dresses
I went to retailerplpogie today to try this piece on and it was adorable. i really liked the lace part that lightly shows off the legs. this does run true to size. i am 5'5 and 116 pounds and wear a 34b and i was able to button up everything and be comfortable in a size 0. there is no stretch at all with the materials that they have used, so that might be an issue for some. the material was actually a bit thicker than what i would have thought for dress like this, but i really liked it overall and	Dresses
I originally bought this dress in the store. however, it ended being a size too big. so, i reordered the smaller size online (although it was backordered for a month). when it arrived, i noticed the sleeves were not cinched (like they are in the picture as well as the original dress i had purchased in-store). i thought maybe it had been a fluke so i returned the dress and reordered it again because it is a great dress. the second one just arrived and the sleeves are not cinched as well. this may	Dresses
I have still not decided if i am keeping this dress. i sized up according to the other reviews. i typically wear a 6, so i got an 8. it fit me just fine on top, but i am a 36b, so fairly small. because of the photos, i expected the dress to be a-line and flare out at the hips. it did not, that that's why i am unsure. i'd like it to flare out a little more than it does. it would be more flattering and more comfortable. i love the dress otherwise. i think i may take it to a tailor and see if there	Dresses
This dress is so cute! will you be bringing it back retailer?	Dresses
This dress is very flattering. great unique dress.	Dresses
This was was a great buy! i got in on sale and the quality is really excellent. the material is thick and stretchy. there is a spanx like liner which is really nice as well for smoothing out the bumps. the dress style and cut is very slimming. i am more a size 14 (at 5'10") and the 12 fit well. i agree with the other reviewer regarding the twisted shoulder. it doesn't lay on me either like it does on the model, but it doesn't detract from the dress so its a keeper given the other positives.	Dresses
Cute top but does stretch out a bit throughout the day.	Knits
I saw this in that postcard "catalog" and it drew my attention immediately, so when i saw it at the store, i knew i would try it on.this dress is gorgeous - the lace is sturdy and won't easily be caught on things, the chambray is substantial but light. it's put together well and the slip covers greatly. the material isn't stretchy, but it keeps it shape and i like that. i'm 5'7" and it hit me right at the knee, so it's a good length if you wanted to wear it with a cardigan to work as a spring	Dresses
This just did not sit well on me. while the length was fine and the fabric was a nice thick weave with a flattering amount of stretch, the twist at the shoulder just looked odd. it did not sit flat at all, so it just looked like i had gotten dressed in the dark and had not managed to sort out my sleeves. given the spot-on quality, i would definitely look into other items from this brand, but back this dress went.	Dresses
Great turtleneck, very comfortable and not tight around the neck at all. the material is super soft and washes well. i ended up getting all 3 colors. my only regret is that there are only 3 colors! i absolutely love this top. i also like the many complements i've received while wearing them. i am full figured and the fit is very flattering.	Knits
I loved the lace detailing all over this dress and the fact it had pockets and was mostly cotton. it just looked so inviting, so i grabbed two sizes to try on (10 & 12) that 99% of the time fit me with retailer clothes. here are my thoughts:__________pros:- lace detailing is lovely all over.- everything runs tts except at the bust (see below).- breathable fabric, comfortable._________cons:- i'm a 36c and could not button the top two buttons of this dress in a size 10 (i'm 5'9, hourglass, a	Dresses
A feminine yet mature looking cami. i did not need to wear a bra because the material is thick and stretchy (i am a 34a). it looks great with a pencil skirt as well as chino shorts. feels soft and comfy. can dress it up or down. i took a small and it fit perfectly (l am 5'4" 120lbs).	Knits
I love the dress, fits as pictured , i'm a size 4 and fits just right. it is a keeper, well made.	Dresses
It's a pretty dress, my only concern is the sleeve length. it's an awkward length and makes the dress look a little frumpy. i turned the sleeve up once and it looks so much better!. or, if you are a savvy sewer, you may want to tighten a little in the arms so the sleeve is a bit more fitted. overall quality and feel is very good. i usually fit into a 6, but for this dress i ordered both 6 and 8 and kept the 8. the chest is a bit snug and the button pops open if you don't order the correct size.	Dresses
I was eyeing this dress for some time and was undecided about making the purchase. at a reduced price and 40%discount, i had to succumb! i was surprised by the fabric, a bit flimsy. however, the design makes up for the style. i'm anxious to wear at the first opportunity of spring/summer!!!	Dresses
I found it hard to pair with bottoms. fit wasn't very flattering for me.	Knits
So disappointed! beautiful dress in the photographs but the cut was incredibly strange. loose and baggy through the top and mid-section but tight around the buttock and thighs.	Dresses
I'm normally between a 4-6 in retailer dresses. i had to go up to a size 10 just to get the buttons across the chest to close and lay properly without feeling like i would bust out. definitely not for those with any kind of chest.	Dresses
Looking forward to wearing this on chilly spring mornings. ordered in the navy. fits true to size.	Knits
This is probably one of the best retailer purchases i have ever made! this is the most comfy and warm cardigan and is a good thickness for fall and winter. i am 5'9, a size 6/8 and the medium was perfect! buy this now!!	Knits
I'll start this by saying i usually wear a m or l depending on the shirt. i'm 20 weeks pregnant and ordered a medium. it's huge! i was thinking i would be able to wear this for a bit while preggo and then would be able to wear it after baby with no problem. i'm going to order a small because the fabric is so soft and i love the design and color.	Knits
Comfy cozy!	Knits
This is the best item i have gotten form retailer. the quality is amazing. soft, covers my butt, classic piece!!!	Knits
I ordered the navy/gray version in size xl. it fits me true to size, matching the online photos. the colors matched too. the fabric is so soft. it's warm while being lighter in weight. very comfortable. the collar wasn't bulky either. it's made to last. one of my retailer favorites.	Knits
Great long cardigan! i wear this with a simple tank	Knits
I am normally a m-l (170 lbs, 5'4", 34dd). i ordered this top in a medium knowing it ran big, and it is huge. seriously, i could wear it as a dress. i like the whole loose and comfy top thing, but this is so massive it looks sloppy. i'm going try and return it for a small. hey, i like that i can wear a small! the green color really is pretty, and it's so soft. just need a much smaller size.	Knits
I loved the dress way more in person than online. the fabric is very soft and it is quite beautiful. i wear a large in most retailer tops and a size 8/10 in dresses and the large fit perfect.	Dresses
As soon as i saw this dress online i loved it and ordered it! unfortunately it just didn't work for me, i tried it in a small, medium and large. for reference i'm 5'2", 145lbs, 36d. the dress is really pretty in person, but i looked like a little girl in it. my daughter who is 4'9", 100lbs, 34a, also tried it on and she too looked like a little girl in it. the material is beautiful along with the detail at the neckline, however the neckline is not open like in the picture, it's more pushed toget	Dresses
This is a fabulous cardigan/jacket!! i saw it on line and read the great reviews and happened to find one of each color in two different stores!! i bought them both!! i have practically lived in them the last week in rainy, cool weather!! the white one goes with everything, and the blue one in fabulous with jeans and probably other things as well. i have gotten several compliments on them immediately. they are just the right weight--not too heavy but heavy enough and a good sturdy, quality mater	Knits
This is such a comfy top, and the fabric is really great. more supple / flowy than i expected. it does run larger than i expected. i typically wear a large, and it's almost more billowy than i would normally prefer. i would love to try a medium to see the difference, but since it was purchased online, i'm just going with it. this will get lots of wear this season.	Knits
I absolutely adore this cardigan. it's easy, so comfortable, stylish and absolutely flattering on every shape!! what i love about it most is how long it is. i'm 5'8 and the large and xl come well below my bum. it's perfect to wear with leggings and boots when i'm having a relaxing easy day, but i can easily dress it up with denim or a dress underneath! totally versatile! i originally bought this in a large and it fit well. but then we got the xl in the store and i snagged that one too because i	Knits
It's not often you can find a dress that is warm, cozy, timeless, and sexy at the same time, but this one is it. the material is thick but clings to the body in all the right places. i normally wear an xs or s, and in this i took an xs. sleeves are nice and long. your shoulders are exposed as much as you want them to be, depending on how low you fold over the collar piece. i chose to tack mine down in place, so i'm not always adjusting it.i wore this dress with black heeled over-the-knee boots	Dresses
This initially caught my eye online and then i immediately tried it on when our store received it. the dress is simple and well structured with a tight sweater weave that almost has a" hold u in" feel. therefore, it fits like a glove on!!	Dresses
Love this dress. it's a nice addition to my summer wardrobe. easy to wear. i am between a large and an ex large in dresses. i did order it in a large, it was a perfect fit but did exchange it for an ex large. i wanted it to have little more swing to it.	Dresses
Love the dress. i usually wear a small and will be exchanging it for an x-small.	Dresses
Lovely body hugging dress. hits just below the knee. great with boots as shown, or with heels. very soft material and the peppery color is really pretty. i can see myself wearing this to work and out at night. this is a winner!	Dresses
This is such a great top! it runs huge though. i normally wear a small but bought the xs. it fits ok. i would prefer the xxs, but i bought it on sale and retailer is sold out. for reference, i am 5`6 and about 138 lbs. very flowy soft fabric, great purchase.	Knits
I went back and bought this dress after a sales associate told me that it was super cute on but didn't look like much on the hanger. i'm 5'3" and curvy and the s fit great. it will look great with boots or booties. it's very comfortable and nice quality material.	Dresses
I like this top a lot, and have always liked knotted looks around the bust area. i do not have a large chest, and this kind of top always draws attention in all the right places. i was worried the cut would be too low for my comfort level-and it is low but the shirt does not come away from my body in normal movements so i do feel completely comfortable wearing this without a cami underneath. i don't prefer this in black because i think the color detracts from the bunches of fabric created by the	Knits
Soft, comfy, great fit. this is the perfect cozy item for fall and winter. looks really cute with the sleeves rolled or cuffed slightly. the fabric is patchworked with linen and a terry/jersey material. i'm usually a medium and the medium fit great. slimming lines and does a great job of being swingy/flared, without that tent look.	Dresses
I purchased the black tunic. as others have mentioned, this piece goes great with skinny jeans or leggings. when i'm rushing to find something to wear, this is one of my go-to's. nice coverage. not see-through.	Knits
This dress is stunning in person, though the pictures do it no justice. it was overall a very clingy fit. i'm 5'3 with long legs and it was too short for me so i did not purchase, but would recommend it for those with short legs.	Dresses
Great dress. looking forward to wearing it with tights. fits great.	Dresses
Good quality, cute and great color as pictured. perfect for leggings or tight ankle pants.	Knits
Drapes very nicely and runs true to size. easy to wear alone or layer a jacket/cardigan over. i purchased this on sale, and it was a good buy. i am 5'8" and purchased the size m, as i am a pretty true size 6.	Knits
I was afraid the twist at the front would be too bulky, but it adds a nice extra touch to an otherwise simple shirt. i got it in the blue and the color is beautiful. a basic piece with a little bit more; very happy	Knits
Got this in the gold and it's so much better than i imagined. runs longer on my 5'4 frame than on model but i love this extra long look with white fitted pants and heels. total classic easy elegance and comfortable too.	Knits
I wasn't sure how the knotted front would look on me, but it lays perfectly. very comfortable, well-designed, flattering top in lovely rich colors. i'm normally a small-medium in retailer tops, but i got the large as it does run small and i don't like things too clingy. so best to try on in store rather than buy online. nice simple statement piece!	Knits
Love the petroleum blueunique twist designlove the sleeve lengthperfect for work -- neckline not too lowgreat by itself or with a bib necklace and black jacketabsolute winner	Knits
As others stated, it was a tad bizarre to have a mock neck on the spring dress, however, i would wear this in the fall with boots and a nice moto jacket. another "but" is i wasn't sure about the color. i am very pale and the pale color is pretty much my skin color... however, the blue flowers and black lace make up for it as far as colors, and everyone liked it on me. lastly, cut: wow, this was just really nice on, very flattering,. i usually try on regular size in store and order petite, but th	Dresses
I finally tried this on now that it went on sale, and it was surprisingly flattereing. love the blue color, and i assume the purple was equally nice. fit is true to size as in i tried on the regular xs and it was great, long but ok for me,	Knits
Great shirt that runs true to size. i got the turqouise color which is very pretty. it cuts lower, but doesn't show much cleavage.	Knits
This is such a fun dress. the linen and cotton mixture is very unique and comfortable. for reference, i am 5'3" and about 110 pounds. the regular xs hits me exactly the way it is shown in the photo. the color is a true oatmeal which is so nice for fall and even though i am fair with strawberry blonde hair, it doesn't wash me out. the sleeves are a little long but i rolled them once and it is perfect. i love this dress and it will look great with booties or boots for the fall.	Dresses
I love the way this looks on me! definitely flattering on curvy/full-figured girls. i am a 36-38c and bought an xl - i don't like things that are too tight or that cling to the wrong areas. if they had xl in other sizes, i would buy it in every color. can be dressed up or down. i'm very happy with this purchase.	Knits
Beautiful top. works wonderful on hourglass figures.	Knits
Great top for day to night. fine for work (i'd think large breasted girls may find it too gaping for work as mentioned, but b cup and below doesn't gape so very work appropriate.)	Knits
Upon opening this top, i thought for sure it was going to be too s mall, but it stretches nicely and is gorgeous when on. it is a little thin, and you have to be careful that it's not too tight or you can see skin through the knots, but i love this shirt. i got the xs, which is my usual size. i could probably have used the s, but didn't want to pay for shipping to exchange it as i don't have a store anywhere near me and the xs was fine.	Knits
This is a simple, light-weight tunic top. the construction is fine. overall, i'm happy to see a basic executed well.	Knits
I was so excited to find this dress in the store! i immediately headed for the dressing room to try this beauty on....what a disappointment. the fabric is stunning, but the fit is extremely voluminous . i am normally a small to medium, so i grabbed a small......the only way to describe this dress is tentlike! it was huge from the waist down. i don't think i could size to an xs because i am a 34d and the top half of the dress fit perfect! i was sad to leave the store without this dress.	Dresses
I'm always weary of v necks but this shirt is great. the fit is true to size and while it is a v neck, it's not such a deep plunge that you need a cami underneath. great material too and perfect for dressing up a bit. i bought the blue color and love it!	Knits
The color and embellishment of this top are beautiful. this would look great on anyone super lean, otherwise you just look really wide as there is no frame in the torso of this top at all. the back picture shows it well. i am 5'9, 142 lbs and i ordered the small and medium and both were huge! with regrets going back.	Knits
Deletta has done it again, designed a top that is unique, flattering, and comfortable. the blue is an intense peacock blue. the only draw back about this top (and with other deletta tops) is that they leave some of the fabric with raw unfinished edges. for this top it is located at the hole the twist creates. it's hidden but i worry about it fraying after a few washes. not sure why they couldn't continue the zigzagging at that opening. perhaps it wasn't cost effective to sew five more inches of	Knits
This is my third top from this designer, and normally i wear a small, but i tried this on in the store and the medium fit much better on me. i am not partial to the black as the knot design was lost, but the sapphire is wonderful. works great with slacks or more casual clothes. i liked the sleeve length as well. i'm not too busty, but i think that other reviews comments of the knot being see through could be a problem.	Knits
If you are thinking about purchasing this dress without trying on in person, i bet you aren't going to be happy with it. for a phisique that is 5' 3" and 115lbs, this dress is not too short. however, the back key hole design is just not flattering. i felt like clothes in the back shoulder area is not fitted well and the zip up closure is not all the way zipped up even though it was so.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. it is even prettier in person than in pictures... i was pleasantly surprised when it came in the mail! i am 5'2, 125 lbs and went with a 4p, and it fit perfectly. (i typically do not like things to be extremely clingy). this could easily be dressed up or down. personally, i wore it to a wedding, and received many compliments on its uniqueness.	Dresses
I tried this on in a different retailer a couple of weeks ago... ....tried on a different one last night..same size and it looked baggy, sleeves way too long, etc. let me add that i am usually a xs/s petite but some regular extra smalls will work also. this was a xs reg. even the sa could see that one looked like it fit smaller ( i showed her the photo in my phone) while this one swallowed me. bottom line, you will need to try this one on as the sizes seem to vary.	Dresses
I love this dress. be warned that even at 5'4" it is right on the edge of the shortest length that i can get away with wearing. i probably will not wear it to church but for a special event, dinner, or the theater it will be an eye catching statement piece without being over the top. it has a quiet appeal. both layers of fabric are thin but that helps it to conform to my figure without hugging it. it softly drapes showing an hourglass while being extremely comfortable. i think some reviewers int	Dresses
I love this t shirt and have not purchased it in all 3 colors. very soft and very flattering!!! i like the longer length as well as the pretty neckline.	Knits
I'm between sizes in deletta (m to l, 5'4", 34g).i ended up purchasing the large in both black and sapphire.it does fit a bit tight in the arms and torso, but it's a nice basic top for work, and does well with changing seasons.	Knits
This top is spectacular. intense and color soaked. i got bleu. super stretchy and comfy. the twisty part hugs and emphasizes your curves...even size 34a like me. the v neck is not too wide and low cut. it is narrower, close fitting and attractive. the seam in the middle thorax is a tad strange but it needs to exist due to the twist design. overall this top is cute, long and let's say men and women of all ages will enjoy it. it will make you beautiful on the outside and inside. it is not my usual	Knits
Very cute, easy to wear, and looks professional! great for work or a weekend. love this top!	Knits
I truly cannot understand the great reviews on this dress! i purchased in both a sp and a mp. i am 5'2" 120#. the mp fit perfectly. i definitely wouldn't keep it though because it looks like someone sewed a bunch of old sweatshirts together. it's not super soft, coarse on the inside, and feels old. the back is longer than the front, it just looks like something my daughter would make in sewing class out of scraps. even with leggings and great boots, it looks worn.	Dresses
Overall, it's a beautiful dress, and i really wanted it to work. but the material feels cheap (at least not what you'd expect for the price), and as other reviewers have mentioned, it's just a tad too short. for reference, i'm 5'5, 125 lbs and the 2 fit well, but hung well above my knees. there's no way i could wear this without unintentionally flashing a few people. sadly this dress will be returned.	Dresses
The fabric is nice and the color is a rich jewel-tone. i have a couple of very similar shirts from a similar store that are several years old. those fit a bit more loss sly around the stomach (not baggy, just body-skimming) which made them more flattering for more body types. this shirt works if you have a little padding because of the gathered folds, but it probably wouldn't be great for someone carrying a lot of extra weight around their middle. the knot also has a tendency to twist exposing t	Knits
Very pretty dress and a bit different than what we see in the shops!i found the material to be very nice, despite one of the reviewers comments.it is a sheath that is not skin tight but shows curves - great for dancing.also i did not find the neck too tight - fits fine.tts as normally a petite 6 which is a wonderful fit and sometimes a petite 4 or 8 depending on the cut. the 8 was too large.all in all a feminine uncommon dress.looking forward to wearing it to one of the 6 weddings th	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. this is a 0 and tts. it was not clingy or tight at all (5'4" 115lbs). it is fully lined, and i have short legs, so it was not too short for me. if you have an event you could wear this to this summer, i highly recommend.	Dresses
A little thin, but overall very cute. i like it with waist high skirts.	Knits
This shirt appears nice in the pictures. it appears to have a bit of style. wrong. the shirt is one of the thinnest fabrics i've ever purchased. i live in warmer climate and its nice to have different cotton shirts with some style. this shirt has no style, and i thought it would. i have purchased this brand before, and thought this fabric would be similar. the other shirts were way nicer, softer, and had a different level of construction. i wanted to wear this shirt out and when i put it on it w	Knits
I love this top. it is perfect fit. i am 5'3 102lbs, 32 dd. it conforms to your figure.	Knits
I bought this tank in gold, and the color is a beautiful ochre. i love the length and the side slits, which elevates the tunic from a simple basic. the material is good quality and very comfortable. i'm hoping to get a lot of wear out of this purchase.	Knits
I love this fabric, it is comfortable and forgiving. as i prefer jewel tone colors the sapphire is great. i wish it would be offered in red, like the cowl neck long sleeve tee. with that said, i thought the sleeve length on this might be odd, and while i wish it were a few inches longer (3/4 sleeved). the only reason i haven't given it five stars is that i haven't laundered it enough to verify the quality.	Knits
I love this dress.  i believe the picture on-line doesn't show the unique pattern and design.  it does have an interesting design.  add a long vest, statement necklace, and boots - you will be quite fashionable.	Dresses
Love this top! i was worried it would plunge too deep, especially because i'm quite flat chested - but it is perfect. i think it would look gorgeous on a volumptuous woman too. that's the beauty of it. and the color is my absolute favorite right now ... :)	Knits
I bought this impulsively to wear to a wedding, and i&#39;m so glad i did. it is so soft and comfy and gorgeous--and has pockets. it&#39;s loose but really really flattering somehow. i would typically get a size 12 in a fitted dress but the medium was perfect for me.	Dresses
Lovely color and fits nicely. only problem on mine, the front stitches were not properly sewn.	Knits
Made for a straight figure - no curves. awkward bra situation as it has to be strapless because of the keyhole.	Dresses
I found this in my local atl store that carries petites before seeing it on-line. the materials is lovely and silky with a full lining. the top lace detailing is a nice touch and will make the dress stand out under jackets or sweaters for cool weather. this is great with any shoe type. very versatile year round piece alone or under layers. should be good for all body types.	Dresses
I really liked this top. ordered the blue and am considering getting the pink color. 5'4, 135lbs, ordered xxs and it fit great. has nice drape around hips and not too snug.	Knits
I love this shirt. i would recommend an undershirt.	Knits
I love the idea of this top. it's made really well. the only issue is its a bit shorter than i thought and the neckline rubs on my neck.	Knits
Give me a dress with pockets any day! i loved how i can wear this fall - spring. so cute. so comfortable. can dress it up or down. have 2 events that i'm going to wear it too!	Dresses
I love this dress! i originally ordered it in a small but returned it for an extra small. it fits perfectly - love the details. so classic and comfortable !	Dresses
I purchased this dress in my regular size small as soon as i saw it pop up on-line and found it to be tts (34d-27-35), it hits just to my knee (i'm 5'4") and it actually reminds me of the way maeve's devery dress looks and fits which is really, really nice. i'm finding this dress by floreat to also be quite slimming and the embroidery and colors set against the black is just absolutely gorgeous! the material is super soft, the v-neck isn't too low and i love the pockets so i'm very happy with my	Dresses
Tried this in store today and id say it is exactly as pictured (length is similar on me at 5'7", colors as shown, cut is loose but not overly sacklike). my normal size s fit loosely, but not in an unflattering way. sizing down might have been too narrow in the shoulders. the embroidery seemed to be good quality, but the fabric itself was on the thinner side with no lining. i would have liked to see a liner at this price (and probably would have bought), but i think i'll wait for a promo or sale	Dresses
I originally ordered the regular xxs (loose fit = xxs nowadays) and the length was right above the knee... it looked great and classy/classic but i felt like perhaps the chest height would be better in petite. so i ordered the xxs p as well... decision time:i decided on petite because the overall dress fit my body better, though it is now shorter (a couple inches above the knee0. still looks classy with a boot, but flirtier. embroidery is beautiful, as others mentioned, fabric is comfortable	Dresses
Bought this to wear to desert trip this weekend when we see the stones, dylan, mccartney, who, roger walters and neil young. think its the perfect outfit as it definitely has an 80's feel, now if only i had a pair of brown or teal boots, it would be perfect. i'll keep hunting~	Dresses
This dress is very pretty and feminine but was unfortunatly much too large for me. i ordered my regular xs and it was swimming on me. i also found the embroidery to be imperfect in several places (unraveling) and the placement of the embroidered designs were uneven at the bottom of the dress, which threw off the flow. the largest medallion was off center in the front of the dress and gave it a crooked effect. the material is nice and the pockets are a plus but i returned it.	Dresses
I love this dress so much - the perfect summer dress. comfortable, easy to travel with and i get compliments on it all the time!	Dresses
I love this dress. i think the cut, fabric and embroidery are all flattering. this dress is comfortable and can be dressed up or down. i am 5'1 and weigh anywhere from 108-113 lbs. i at first tried on the xxs petite and liked the look but found it to be tight in the arm area. they didn't have an xs petite so i tried on the s petite to see if there was any major difference. there totally was! so i ordered the xs petite online and can't wait to get it!!	Dresses
Love this dress! i'm 5'7", 135 lbs and typically wear either a small or x-small in maeve. since this one has lots of extra fabric, i ordered it in an xs and xxs. they were basically the same everywhere except the xxs had a much shorter weave pattern at the top, so i ended up keeping the xs. it's great dress, lots of room and swings nicely.	Dresses
All the positive reviews are right - the shirt is great! something not entirely obvious from the online photos is that there is a slit on both sides of the shirt. makes it even more comfortable and flattering. i wasn't sure how i was going to style this for the winter before i received it but as soon as i put it on i had plenty of ideas. it looks particularly great with a chunky scarf, leggings, and boots. it looked great with a close fitting turtleneck underneath. it really can be dressed up or	Knits
I saw this dress in my local retailer store, and am not sure why i did not try it on then, but later at home it began to haunt me. i loved the colored embroidery against the black. my husband and i will be traveling to europe later this fall and i wanted to take a dress with me that wouldn't take up too much room, and be suitable for times when i wanted to dress-up a little. online i saw that it was available in the petite, and with the reviews warning that it ran large i opted for a medium petite	Dresses
This cute top fits great. it's got a nice fit on arms, shoulders, and bust, then flares out a bit to give ease to the tummy area. the back has a cute button trim and solid blue inset. cute top!	Knits
This top is adorable, but is shorter than the 27 inches they say. i bought an xxs and mine measures 22 inches in the front and 19 inches in the back. still cute if u don't mind shorter tops..	Knits
I bought this dress on sale and it is perfect! i wish that i would've invested sooner and picked it up in a number of different colors. the cut is amazing and the cutout on the back is sexy without exposing too much skin.	Dresses
I ordered this on line first, but i really recommend getting to a store to look at them closely! due to the fact that the first dress, the embroidered lines were not sewn level on the bottom horizontal stripe areas, and the fact that they didn't meet made me feel it wasn't worth anywhere near the price! i feel you can sort of see this in the stock photo, although it may be just the way it's hanging. also, many of the center areas of the embroidered flowers and designs have a loose, unfinished th	Dresses
Bought this based off the reviews here but this was a miss for me. the colors weren't as vibrant as pictured and the waist in this dress is huge. not flattering and it went back. i buy an retailer dress every week so i just exchanged this one for another one i loved. not hard to do at all	Dresses
The embroidery grabbed my attention, but i loved the way it felt once i tried it on. the fit is loose (i'm between a small and medium and the small was a bit loose), but still flattering. i really love everything about it, even the lighter weight fabric. i live in the south were fall and winter tend to be on the warmer side. the v-neck is just perfect. i can see wearing this to work as well as out - one of the most versatile dresses i've found lately!	Dresses
I just love this dress - so comfortable and flattering. maeve has had some great dresses this summer, but this one may be my favorite. this one could easily been worn in to fall with a sweater or jacket.	Dresses
Beautiful dress that is well constructed. the fabric is substantial and feels expensive.i am 5'4" and weigh 134, 36 bust 29 waist and ordered the m/l. i usually wear a 6-8 in dresses, so i worried that it would be too big but it fit perfectly. i am very happy with my purchase.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. it swings beautifully, it's soft, it's incredibly flattering! i would say it runs big. i ordered an xxs petite, normally i would wear xs petite, and it fits great. for reference, i'm 5'1" and a 32dd. finally a loose fitting dress that doesn't make me look pregnant!	Dresses
Adore the bright embroidery against the black background! mine was well done and no loose threads. although this is all synthetic fabric (which i hate paying for!) but i couldn't help myself once i tried it on. it's very roomy and if you're slender, size down unless you prefer the breezy swingy look like i do. this is a three season dress that will do well with layers and without. i picked regular hem instead of petite and it actually looks slimmer on me than the shorter version.	Dresses
I'm glad i saw this item in stores, otherwise i would have passed it right by online. the embroidery is intricately detailed and sharp, and the fabric quality is great. i had to size down for this dress. it's comfortable, and can be dressed up or down. its a great versatile piece!	Dresses
The embroidery on this dress is beautiful in person. perfect dress for fall.	Dresses
The only strange thing is the size. i used to wear size s (117bl) but this time the small is way too big. i still keep it and put a belt on. it is a very very pretty dress. i used to buy sale from antheropologie. but can not wait this time. i am very impressed by the design. can not praise more!	Dresses
I am so pleased with this top! it is slightly fitted - i am 5'3", 110 lbs, - and have trouble finding tops that are flattering but not too form fitting. also it is 100% cotton, which is a definite plus. as of now it is my go-to top - looks great with jeans or leggings.	Knits
Love the rifle print on this dress. the fit is relaxed and very comfortable and can be adjusted with the tie in the back. the fabric is a nice weight, great for year-round wear.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to a fall wedding and couldn't be happier! i'm very curvy (34dd-28-43) and the medium fit like a glove. the fabric has a great 70's vibe while the fit is extremely classic. i have never felt more beautiful and received many compliments. i am 5'6" and it hit just to the top of my feet. i highly recommend.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear at a wedding. i am short, so i would have really loved the petite, but they were sold out both online and in store when i bought it. i'm making do with high heels. the sheen is gorgeous and the dress is very comfortable over all. i'd also add that i'm pretty curvy and the cut fits my body perfectly.	Dresses
Maybe it's my curves or the way i'm only 5'4" but this was a hot mess on me! it is soooo long and cut to low for my 36d chest. it is slim and the cut usually is flattering but somehow this dress was anything but! it is really shiny and the material is heavier than anticipated for warm weather. if you are super tall and skinny with no boobs, go for it! had to send back!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful on so many levels. the colors and print are amazing and the maxi sweater dress idea is unique. it fits true to size and is very flattering. my only issue is the amount of shine that it has from the metallic threads running through it. i would have preferred less shine which would make the dress more versatile.	Dresses
Love the design and style of this dress when i saw it online, however, it falls a little short once in person. it was a bit boxier than i wanted and the lines didn't make it appear as a swing dress, highlighting your figure.i wish this could have worked, however, it felt a little too unshapely.	Dresses
I was looking for a dress for playing cello at my friend's wedding. the colors looked perfect, the cut was great, etc. very disappointed to find out how sparkly and scratchy the dress was in person, and sad that the slit came right to my knee, which is a really weird height. sadly returning - might purchase again if it goes on sale and i can't find anything better before the wedding :(	Dresses
Very cool dress. very true to size--fits just right in the top. the fabric is just right--not too heavy but opaque enough to cover everything that needs covering. only issue is that it is loooong. looking at the other reviews i think there may be some variation in the length of each individual dress. i am 5' 9" and this dress pooled around my feet (size m). i will be taking it to the tailor to have at least 3-4" trimmed off the hem, i would recommend erring on the side of the petite sizing or fa	Dresses
This dress is soft and hits all the right spots. the neckline makes it a little alternative which i like.	Dresses
Hello i could not see how this dress could get anything but a 5 star review . the only thing that i thought would be a negative is that it may stag easily. other than that this dress is stunning on and i feel it runs large . i wear a sz 4 and the xs fit just right i'm 5ft 6in tall looks great with a high heel since its really long to the floor which i like as far as the shine on this dress. i love it it makes it worth the price and dresses up a casual dress . and its very comfortable .	Dresses
I broke my rule of not buying polyester for this dress, twice (helped by sale price with additional percent off promo). it's mainly the irresistible print, i bought it in both the lovely blue-pink floral and the patterned red. love it. works best when the weather is in upper 60s, with tights and boots, but i think it will also work with bare legs and clunky sandals when the weather is warmer. the fit is loose except for in the chest and shoulders, so don't size down. i do wish the fabric was not	Dresses
I debated getting this dress for over a month and finally purchased it on retailer member day for 20%off. i wore it on a chiller night with a denim jacket and booties for a more casual feel. constant compliments from friends and strangers. only complaint about the dress is the slit. it does not go as high like on the model, stops right at the knee.the cross over is not too revealing (which is nice). overall the fit is great! im 5&#39;6 and usually size 12 and 36dd, the large was perfect!	Dresses
I loved the fabric and this print but it was just cut a little wrong for me. the gathering on the side made me look a bit wide. but the fabric is beautiful and everything else was nice. i did like the fact that it ties in the back so you can slim down the sillouhette (sp?) if you want to.	Dresses
I love this tunic! the fit is ttt and the quality is nice. i will get much use out of this piece!	Knits
I absolutely love each this dress! it is shimmery as others have said but the design looks so beautiful that way and i don't agree that it mages it look cheap. love the neckline and the length is perfect unless you're a petite size. i would snatch this one right up if it weren't for the price point. i'm hoping it'll go to sale but it's so beautiful it might be sold out by then . the fabric seems delicate like he threads could come apart easily.	Dresses
I love this dress! the beading gives it something special and the petite fits my 5" frame perfectly. lightweight enough to wear now and again later with layers for fall. very soft fabric!	Dresses
This dress looks very beautiful on the model shown. unfortunately, when i tried it on, it did not flow as nicely as i would have liked it to. i also didn't care much for the waist ties on the side. an elastic waist might have been better.	Dresses
I am in love with this dress. not too dressy, not too casual and hugs the body in all the right spots. i am 5'7 with curves and this flatters well. i also bought (and adore) the velvet taupe ankle strap shoes they show with them, super in-love with the whole look. dress will look great with booties too. just hope i don't snag the sweater dress, which looks easy to do, because i want to wear this all fall and winter long.	Dresses
Bought this dress for engagement photos and was a little worried about sizing, but when i got it it fit perfectly and was very comfortable. it runs true to size. my only complaint is that there was a missing button on the sleeve, but because there was an extra it was easily fixed. definitely recommend!	Dresses
Great winter maxi. soft and comfortable fabric. good quality. stretchy but not too clingy. fitted in all the right places and very flattering. petite was unavailable so will need hemming.	Dresses
I love rifle paper, and when i saw this dress online, i knew that i had to have it. this dress is even prettier in person than it is in the picture. it's pretty and delicate, and can easily be dressed up or down. i found this dress to fit true to size. it definitely has that "baby doll dress" fit to it, but i love it! this is a dress that i'll feel beautiful in and pull out of my closet over and over again.	Dresses
Love the dress - i am having the slit up the front raised. love how it looks in the picture, but the dress is actually slit up just under the knee.	Dresses
This dress is amazing! i love the collaboration with rifle paper. it has a nice boho swing look. i sized down from my typical small and took an xs. both fit well but i wanted the shoulders to be more fitted.	Dresses
This dress will be perfect for the mid-september wedding i'm attending. september is a transitional month fashion-wise and this knit dress will be perfect. the shimmer (which isn't apparent from the website) makes it festive enough for a wedding.	Dresses
I fell in love with dress immediately! it runs small, but is very flattering, even if you have a little you want to hide. i went up 1 size. so comfy and beautiful! love!!	Dresses
I love the color and shimmer of this dress. it is very unique and one of a kind. the slit is not as high as the photo online but that can be adjusted if need be at a tailor. it's a great dress!	Dresses
This dress fits and flatters a curvy silhouette. size medium length is perfect for my 5'7" frame. utterly comfortable and so many compliments!	Dresses
I feel like i'm cheating when i put this on it's so comfy almost like wearing cozy pj's but with my black belt and boots and a cute scarf i can easily wine and dine looking like a million bucks and feeling like i'm lounging at the same time. i wish this came in more colors!!	Dresses
This dress is my new best friend. i've been looking for work dresses that don't require much effort in putting together an outfit, and this is just it! the pattern is fun and unique (i got many compliments), the cut is comfortable, flattering and feminine. the dress really speaks for itself, and all i have to do is throw it on and run out the door. the only negative is there was a loose piece of thread at the bottom (fingers crossed this doesn't lead to problems later on) and the sleeve buttons	Dresses
I was pleasantly surprised by how well this dress skims over the body. definitely needs the belt that comes with the dress to add some shape. the color is gorgeous, great print and very light fabric - perfect for summer.	Dresses
I love this dress, but have found that this brand runs large. i'd order a size down.	Dresses
Beautiful maxi fits tts. i normally wear a 10/12 and took a 12. it is flattering to the waist and makes me feel girly. the colors are so beautiful and the length is good for my 5'9 frame.	Dresses
I fell in love with the color scheme and knew this would be perfect for vacations and weddings. colors are slightly muted in reality, seems the retailer filter adds more contrast, but it's still gorgeous!  lining is full length, there's a zipper going up the back, fitted at the waist, and ribbon ties at the back of the neck that are long enough to style at the throat if wanted. i wasn't sure of my size so i picked my larger range and i'm glad i did. my weight fluctuates so when it goes down, t	Dresses
This dress is so beautiful & fits my hourglass figure perfectly. it's fully lined & the print is nicer in person. very easy dress to wear to many summer occasions! i'm an 8-10 on top & 10-12 on the bottom. size 10 dress fit perfectly!	Dresses
I have been living in mine since i bought it! so comfy and dressier than a plain sweatshirt!	Knits
This is a great top. soft and cozy fabric, nice and sturdy feeling. it's heavier than i though it'd be so its perfect for the cooler days of spring, and even a chilly summer night. i love that it's long enough in the front for me to feel comfortable wearing leggings. the body is nice and roomy but the arms are a little snug, however, i like that because i think it makes it look less like a slubby sweatshirt. the best part... it can be cleaned in the washer and drier! thrilled with this purchase!	Knits
This top is really cute. my daughter tried it on and tried to take it.	Knits
Chic and comfortable and looks great with skinny jeans or leggings. i'm usually a small/medium and thought the medium had a better overall look - sleeves were just a little long. the detail on the sleeves is kind of like the inside of a sweatshirt and makes it look a little more polished than the average athleisure top.	Knits
This was such a nice surprise. it's way more sweatshirt than i thought, and maybe a touch bigger than i thought, but it's super cute and comfortable. i've worn it a bunch of times already.	Knits
This top is exactly what i was expecting. super comfortable while still looking stylish. just covers your bum so you can wear it with leggings or jeans!	Knits
I find myself gravitating towards comfortable items currently. this one caught my eye because of its length (tunic) and because, unlike many of the items right now, it actually appeared fitted. only after that did i notice the pretty detail on the sleeves.the price point is too high for a casual item such as this, but the sleeves do make up for it.the cut is really great for my straight and slender body type. perfect! a great weight for those in-between temperatures that we'll be feeling as we	Knits
I love this dress and it is going to be my go-to summer dress. the fabric is great with just a slight amount of stretch. it is true to size. i am 5ft 8" and it is not too short on me. the arm holes and the rest of the fitting is just perfect. the pockets are also very functional. the color is a darker moss than a brown that it looks like in the pictures. the retailer dresses i order online offlate are returned 90% of the time due to ill fitting or for not being what i expected in general, however	Dresses
I am normally a size 8 in dresses and bought this in a small. so if you are a smaller person, this would likely be a bit loose on you. the color was odd. i liked the navy blue, but the pink was a pepto bismol colored pink. i just felt like i would get sick of the color/pattern after one wear. the fit is cute and comfy.	Dresses
This style of shirtdress usually fits me perfectly, however, this did not fit me one bit. the waist was too large, the length too short, and the hips too small. i was really hoping this would fit, since it's a unique color and the material is substantial but soft. i will be returning this.	Dresses
Not a huge fan of this dress, will be returning it.fits too big and not flattering.fabric is thin and shows any lumps and bumps you may have.color is not as pretty in person as in the photo - the photo looks like a nice rust color but the dress is actually a boring brownish olive.	Dresses
I love this dress. i am an hourglass and found this dress to be super flattering and such a unique find. i usually avoid pockets in front like this, but it works on this dress. so happy i found it.	Dresses
I have a few evening functions this month and the next few months and i thought this dress would be different and fun. i really wanted to like it, but i could not. there were spots missing sequence, some fell off as i tried the dress on, and i did try it on twice. each time there were some on the floor. they are sewed on so poorly, for the price of this dress. i fear it would be a dress for one season and i'd have to throw it out. not for that price. so back it goes.	Dresses
This is such a lovely top. it is a bit sheer but i wear a cami under it. i wish it came in more colors because it is just so pretty!	Knits
This sweatshirt is extremely comfy and stylish. i am happy with the item and it runs a snag large but perfect for a sweatshirt.	Knits
The front of this top is pretty thin and you can see through it	Knits
This dress is a fun idea- but the one i received had misaligned pleating so a few of the rows of sequins were tucked into the pleat- it threw the lines of the dress off. i ended up returning it but i think it can be amazing if you get one that looks like th stock photo.	Dresses
Easy to wear, but still has a lot of style. i see this becoming a new basic.	Dresses
I was so excited to buy it online, but it come in a small plastic bag, and lot of pieces are missing on the one i got, so i had to return it	Dresses
This is very cute but runs small. my typical xs is too small all over. arms are short and top is short and tight. i'll order a small and hope it fits.	Knits
I love this dress. the pockets are great and the fabric is very soft and similar to other cloth and stone garments. i also love it's made in the usa. my only wish is that the chambray version was as great. (it's not - the pockets are cut bad, it's cut smaller in the chest, and made in china)	Dresses
I picked this dress up to take into the dressing room to try on without looking at the price tag. im typically a small and he dress in store was an xs but because of the wrap i figured i'd try it anyway. this dress is to die for! the xs fit me just fine (though the snap at the chest wouldn't stay closed but i thought it looked ok). i looked at the tag after falling in love with the dress but left the store without it. i'm contemplating purchasing it still because i can't stop thinking about it!!	Dresses
I purchased this shirt in blue and i like it. the fabric is more of a stretchy/jersey material - didn't expect that. but the shirt looks decent on and is comfortable.	Knits
I ordered this top on line. i wanted to love it, but unfortunately the fit was not for me. i am 5'9 with a long torso. this top was cut very wide and looks like a maternity top.	Knits
This top is beautiful and i'm in love..but.. it'd huuuuggge! i'm always a large in retailer tops. im going to return for a med or maybe even a small ( which is unheard of for me) .... quality is great!!! get it just size down	Knits
Love this top! i tried it on in the store and instantly loved. i wore it and ordered it in another color. i bought my usual size but decided i'd like to have it slightly smaller for the next one, so i ordered down. it can go either way, it's quite flawy and roomy. cool for summer and supper flattering.	Knits
This is my new favorite white top in my closet - the loose fit, flowy quality fabric, and effortless versatility are spot on for anyone's wardrobe. i took my usual size s - i wouldn't size down in this because although it's roomy in the torso, the sleeves and shoulders fit perfectly on my thin arms. everyone should have this beauty!	Knits
I think this dress is my favorite purchase this whole year! it fits like a dream! i saw it in the store while it was full price and tried on an 8 (the only size they had left!). i typically wear a 6 or 8 in dresses, but the 8 was quite large, so i passed. after it went on sale, i ordered a 6 with my fingers crossed! glad i ordered when i did, as they sold out fast! fabric is a nice substantial weight, great for fall! the fit is great, not tight at all and more of an a-line on me, which is weird	Dresses
This style is very pretty and flattering. i love the flow of the material and the open shoulders are nice for the design	Knits
I'm 5'7", 135 lbs, slender bone structure. the medium fit well in the front but hung to the back of knees in back...just way too long. it would work best on someone closer to 6' tall.	Knits
Much softer fabric than i expected. wrinkles easily.	Knits
I normally wear a small and sometimes a medium. even the extra small feels large all over and in the length. it's gorgeous though.	Knits
I'm wearing this top today at work and i feel very cute walking through the hallways. it's a little long in the back, because i'm short, but overall i enjoy wearing it. it's comfortable, casual, girly, and well made. i'm happy with it.	Knits
This top when pulled out of the box didn't look like much, the contrast of the buttons, wrinkly, shapeless... but, when i shook it out, tried it on i fell in love. it's so simple and versatile. prob the best white shirt i purchased this year, i'd say it pretty flowly, but that's the style and i love it. i am 5'8'' 128lbs and purchased a small. i would purchase again, and in other colors if they had them.	Knits
This is a beautiful top if you size way down. i normally wear a small in tiny tops. i had to buy an xxs petite in this top. even still there is a little extra material around the sides, but i've received a ton of compliments on the top.	Knits
I personally didn't like it enough to purchase but it is a well made top. in the photos i am wearing a medium and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.	Knits
This shirt is adorable.but...it didn't work for me!i'm a smaller gal with a large chest (5'4", 34g). i tried on the small, since it seemed so flowy and large. the sleeves were tight, yet the back of the shirt flowed way too much, making the shirt look huge on me. perhaps a more fitted back, and i would have been in love.love the blue color!	Knits
The embroidery around the chest/collar is lovely. but the lower half of the shirt didn't fit my post-pregnancy bod. it's going back.	Knits
I do not think i could express how much i love this top! it is so flattering and soft. i love that the bottom half is slightly sheer and a different fabric than the top. it is stretchy, which for me is a wonderful thing. i purchased the day it came in store. it is quickly prone to pilling though!! with the style of shirt it's not so bad, but kind of unfortunate for a top that is almost $100.	Knits
This shirt is so comfortable and flattering. the quality is really good but i would definitely size down. it's not too heavy and can be worn with skinny jeans/jeggings..	Knits
Now that i have this dress in my life i think my wardrobe is done. there is nothing but love for this dress as it hits all the correct points: great fit, flattering silhouette, comfortable fabric, shape enhancing cut, and the easiest casual style ever! i got the 10p and my body is 5'3" 140# 36dd	Dresses
This is one of the softest blouses i now own. it feels and wears like a premium blouse. i love it, and it actually makes my backside look smaller too. even though it is flowy, it is true to size. if you have small arms and a chest than you could go down a size. this is one of my new favorite purchases, and i wear it with the cabled knit bomber and boots.	Knits
This is a subtle, classy shirt. i'm 5'7, 122 lbs and an xs fit perfectly. shirts like these, that don't fit snugly on my back cover my poor posture (genetic) and make me look like i am standing up straight. nice!	Knits
I like this top. it went well with my olive pant. i tried in l and xl. l was a tad fitted around my tummy. xl armholes were too big and neckline was too low. i really wanted to keep this top but the low neckline just didn't work. i am busty, perhaps it may work better for a slender frame. i recommend this top because it is pretty, but the fit is selective, so its best to try out a couple of sizes first.	Knits
I recently purchased this dress and i am very happy with the quality. it is a little bigger than i anticipated, but nothing that can't be fixed with a cute belt! the embroidery detailing is gorgeous.	Dresses
I was looking for a dress that was short sleeved but not sleeveless. this fit my needs--not too short, nice v neck (but not deep), pretty embroidery overall i like the dress. here are a couple of downsides--i wore the dress with tights--and due to the nature of the fabric (cotton) there was no 'glide' and therefore it rode up with the tights. also, it's a bit wide int he mid section. i wanted an 'easy' and not tight/form fitting dress, but this does have almost too much fabric in the mid section	Dresses
For reference i am 5'3 121 lbs and i usually wear a size 6 or 8. i got a size small and it was still at bit large. my bf said it was a nice dress to wear around the house ( like a house dress). a bit pricey for that but the way it hangs it does look like a house dress or a bit like a sack. i kept it only because i was looking for casual dresses. i wore it out and got a few compliments ( prob cuz i never wear dresses). good luck.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress as soon as i came across it online. ordered the dress in a large and it fit perfectly. i'm smaller on top and larger at the bottom (pear shaped). the dress fit well and hid all of my "flaws". only problem was that it wrinkled very easily and im wondering if i received a dress that was sitting around for awhile since it was covered with lint and white fuzz when i received it in the mail. other than that the design was absolutely beautiful with incredible embroidery.	Dresses
Nice design but very wrinkly fabric that doesn't fall well. also, as has happened to me before, retailer sent me a dress clearly worn/used and returned by someone else with hair all over it. you would think they would at least look at returned dresses to make sure that the returned clothes were free of stains and hair before they send them out.	Dresses
The fabric is beautiful, the embroidery quite striking, and the length is perfect. however, the dress is a bit amorphous; and as others have mentioned, the sleeves are silly. so i took the dress to my favorite seamstress, and she added a couple of darts in the back and fixed the sleeves - voila!. these weren't expensive fixes, and now the dress is perfect.	Dresses
It's a rather boring tank. i thought it'd be perfect under a cardigan for work, but decided against it. the fit is boxy, and does not look good on a girl with curves.	Knits
The fabric at the trim and shoulders is crepe, which isn't clear from the photo. much nicer in person than online. runs large. i wear a large in knit tops (36d and to hide a soft belly) but this large was too big. armholes showed my bra and it was rather wide and boxy. i'll exchange for a m because i think i'll get a lot of use out of it this summer. a casual tank with a little spunk. cute!	Knits
Cute top. i always get compliments when i wear it. a little boxy in style	Knits
This pretty bohemian dress is murdered by the horrible rayon fabric with metallic thread that feels like little needles pricking my skin. i have a pretty high itch tolerance as wool doesn't bother me too much. i'm not sure how most of the reviewers are tolerating this dress, even with the slip, which doesn't cover the arms and makes me want to tear this dress off. i decided to keep and wear as an autumn/winter dress in which i will remove the slip, wear a deep scoop neck long sleeve top undernea	Dresses
I am 5'2 107lb and an xs petite.the embroidery was the only nice thing about this dress, but everything else was really unflattering -- the huge puffy sleeves especially. another reviewer said this was more like a shift, and she was right. not worth the price on sale.	Dresses
I absolutely love the look of this shirt with the built in layering piece. the overall garment is lightweight and not too heavy even with the added layer. however; this runs really large. in general, this brand runs large for me and i would say that if you are used to this brand, you can stick with your normal sizing for this brand. however; compared to other brands it runs very large. i think it would work fantastic for me in a different size. it is not at all fitting so it would be more like a	Knits
Loved the color and looked super cute in the photo but when i got it home it was way too big in chest area, waist area & too wide at bottom. i'm pretty small but i'm not sure what the right body shape would be for this.	Knits
I got this top in my typical size medium and wanted to love it...it is such a good idea and i loved it on the model! however, it failed in translation for me, and i will be returning. the bottom of the top is very loose, but the top clings to my chest (36dd), pulling awkwardly and gapping on the sides. not worth exchanging for a large, since the bottom of the top is already to loose..	Knits
This is a beautiful sweatshirt. that is a sentence i've never said before! mine arrived with the sleeves rolled up, which made me think they probably pulled it off a mannequin or something. it made the sleeves sort of loose at the bottom, so i am hoping that they will "draw up" a little once i wash it. kind of bummed about that: for almost $100, they could have at least steamed it out or something so i could see the authentic fit. the sweatshirt is a little more square-fitting than it looks in t	Knits
I've been waiting to purchase this top for some time, thinking it would be perfect weight for fall/winter. i'm pretty disappointed. since i don't live close to an retailer, i typically order a size up to avoid returns and usually end up with items that fit just right or a little loose which is no big deal, this sweater however i was swimming in, like a child in an adult sweater! it was huge! and not to mention unflattering on my short fuller shape. i wasn't impressed with the material either, it f	Knits
I was so excited to try this on--but this was a big nope for me unfortunately. i ordered both an xs and s (i normally wear a s), both hung horribly on me, they were just too big. i love a boxy, oversized silhouette but this sadly didn't flatter me in the least.	Knits
To be honest, i bought this sweater as an add-on so i could get free shipping; however, it's the only piece i actually kept from the order! this sweatshirt is warm (fleece-lined) and just the right amount of billow. but the best part is the subtle lavender color; when i ordered it, i didn't even realize i ordered lavender (again, i wasn't paying much attention to this piece!), but the color and texture are so soft...definitely a must buy! for reference, i am 5'3, 110 pounds and the xs (my usual	Knits
The quality of the shirt is top notch. the fabric is lightweight and comfortable.now the cons:this top is cut like a square and fits wide which is not apparent in the photo. definitely not for me.	Knits
Purchased the gray patterned top. seemed to fit tts, but it didn't fit me. i'm an athletic build with a 34d bust and it just wouldn't fit right around the shoulder/neck area. i'm pretty confident it would fit someone who is less busty than i. the double-sided fabric was soft and felt like it would wash/wear very well. nice length all around...top and sleeves.	Knits
I so wanted to love this sweatshirt. it is very soft and seems like excellent quality and material. the pattern is pretty, and i envisioned spending hours cuddled up reading in it. unfortunately, the body of the sweatshirt (particularly the front torso area) was too big, and it popped out around me like a balloon. the arms fit well, so i don't think that i could have gone down a size. i was also not keen on the way the neck hung, which was either very stiff and tall around my neck when unfolded	Knits
I was surprised by the other reviews. expected to live in this all winter but found the style bulky and awkward. the hi-low cut with so much bulk just wasn't flattering. i wish the armholes had been larger so that the body of the shirt would have fallen closer to my body. the armholes are the size of a fitted shirt which pulls the shirt wide rather than allowing it to drape a bit more. it is incredibly soft but just not as comfortable as i'd hoped. it went back.	Knits
I love this cozy and comfy top. it is oversized as the name says and implies - but i normally wear an xs in most retailer tops and i chose to get a small - and i'm glad i did. it is boxy and oversized - but also short. the small is perfect for me and it really feels so cozy as is - and big enough to wear a tee or tank under it and not fee clingy.	Knits
It's a sweatshirt that isn't typically sweatshirt looking. first, it's spacedye. then there's the hi-lo hem. it's mock neck and it's wide neck. sleeves are low and cocoon-y. it's oversize in looks but not overwhelming. i love that i can throw this on over jeans or leggings, step into a pair of flats or trainers, whip my hair up into a bun and head out without looking too sloppy.	Knits
This is a super cute tank- fits good, flowy and airy which is exactly what i had in mind for summer. fits good.	Knits
Super cute shirt. really flowy on the bottom - good if you want to hide your middle. great quality material.	Knits
Super cute, a little buggier than expected but great for layering after the gym.	Knits
Love this top. comfy, soft, and a great length. slightly longer in the back, and works great with leggings or jeans. i love that is has long sleeves. i wish it came in more colors.	Knits
I wore this dress for my small winter wedding and it was perfect! i thought it ran a little large though because i had to return it 2 times to get the right size! once i got the right size it fit perfectly. i loved the champagne color and shine.	Dresses
Very flattering dress in a comfortable material. the cut is perfectly placed. this is very long. i'm 5'11 and in flats this touches the floor. easily dressed up or down with the tight accessories.	Dresses
I was so bummed when this came in...the colors and print are beautiful, but the neck is super itchy because of an elastic/ruffle combo. there is also a liner which is a nice touch, but it's significantly shorter than the top layer which drove me nuts. definitely going back.	Knits
Wasn't crazy about this top. it looked great online but in person it's just a boring and lifeless top.	Knits
I loved the color and design until i tried it on in the store. i am 5'5" with a slender build. i tried my usual xs but couldn't manage to put this shirt on me without risking smear my makeup or scratch my face by the elastic band at the neckline. the band is so small even fully stretched out. i have a normal sized head just in case you wonder... i gave up after wrestling with it. i can only imagine how uncomfortable to wear something with a tight elastic band choking me...funny... but not funny.	Knits
I bought this shirt because i needed something lighter to where in autumn and needed to layer. i wasn't expecting so much out of a tshirt. the material is great. it's comfy and oh so flattering on any figure. i ordered the green one, and it was greener in person than online, but a very lovely color. it layers great, and is longer than expected. almost dress length. i'm not a tights wearer, but it would definitely go great with tights or leggings, and it worked fabulously under a wrap. great prod	Knits
The fabric of this top is a tee shirt, mid weight material. it has a nice drape and the color variations along the vee are true to the photo. i purchased size large and it's a bit wide and long for my frame. you could safely size down. the fabric drapes nicely but i didn't like the sleeves or length and it fits large so am returning.	Knits
I took a chance on this in green, extra small (one size smaller than my normal size) because that was all that was left and i thought i could wear it under another sweater. no, it's too awesome to waste as a liner. it's the most amazing cut and fabric. it so flattering and so soft.please bring back this top!!!!	Knits
One can't tell from the picture but the top shoulder part is sheet and transparent. it also is very long almost dress length. feels less quality than what retailer usually carries.	Knits
I am 5' 4" and 120 lbs. i bought the xs as my frame is a bit on the smaller side, but the cut is huge. a pregnant woman could easily pull this off as a very cool maternity dress. i can see it being so cute with a pair of boots or sandals. i wanted to get the xxs, but it's sold out so sadly will have to send it back. but if it works for you, definitely buy it!	Dresses
I like this dress because it has a 60's vibe. however, if this swing style is too long, it just looks dowdy. this dress was too long, so i shortened and redeemed mine. i am 5'3 1/2" and 120 lbs. this style looks best on me just above the kneecap. if you try it on and hate it, it's probably because it's too long. in the winter i wear this with a long sweater (knee length) with a waistband in it to give it shape and with boots. the dress is lined but it is very, very sheer and requires a slip. or,	Dresses
At first, i thought that this sweater would be too thin and show any imperfections, but it doesn't. the vertical ribbing really gives it a slimming effect and it is a perfect lightweight cover up that goes with pretty much anything.	Knits
This is an amazingly soft and gorgeous sweater. i typically avoid this brand because most of their pieces run smaller on my frame however this not only fit perfect but it is a beautiful color as well! i prefer transitional pieces that can be worn multiple seasons and this one is just right.	Knits
This is a great top. i love how it's loose and hangs away from my body but is banded at the bottom so it isn't shapeless. the tie at the neck is cute and gives it some personality.i usually bounce between a s or xs. i tried the xs in the store but ordered the s.	Knits
I love this top! fits great n is elegant. great for the workplace n a night out. absolutely beautiful! quality fabric. love love love!	Knits
Love this shirt! looks great with a pair of black work slacks or with jeans. very flattering with the banded hem, and the material is soft.	Knits
Crazy soft and comfy. light weight so will be great for spring/ summer and layering. so happy i bought it.	Knits
I saw someone try this on when it was 40% off sale, and should ahve purcahsed it then... ended up going back today for it. it is very soft, adn flattering. also, i purchased the balck, this can go with pretty much anything: jeans, skirts, dresses, you name it - very neutral and flattering fit. nto sure if petite would have worked but too late anyway.	Knits
If you're looking for a sweater that's super soft and comfortable, you've found it! you could wear this almost anywhere except for a dressy occasion, but then, of course, you wouldn't wear it with a dress anyway. i wish it came in other colors because i'd buy several. it's on the thin side but not too thin. the only thing that i should mention is that it's not a black black but more of a faded or brownish black which is really obvious with black leggings or jeans.	Knits
From the images, it looks like a basic black cardigan. look again because it's a beautiful fabric and can be dressed up or down. i'm 5"1 and always wear an xsmall at retailer however i thought it to wear over other articles vogue clothing i'd size up. it fits perfect i did an xsmall petite and couldn't be happier	Knits
It is soft and hangs great. problem - i wore it one time - and the back balled up terrible. it looked like i had owned it for years - not worn it one time. wouldn't recommend. though it is sooooo soft!	Knits
This sweater is beautiful, but is definitely more for looks than warmth. it's very soft, but very thin. i prefer the way it looks open rather than buttoned. i got the moss green color on sale, and i am glad i didn't pay full price for it--it's lovely, but certainly not worth $88.	Knits
Love the softness and the length. the color was perfect. but you have be be a very skinny almost boney person for you to not show imperfections to your body. the fabric is not thick enough and does not have the give to over shadow normal imperfections. will be returning the sweater.	Knits
The tie neck is super on trend. this will go great under a jacket or cardi. it's a keeper.	Knits
This blouse is so pretty! i love the neck tie which gives it interest and won't look boring on it's own. i'll wear this all-year round. i ordered an xxs which fits perfect.	Knits
I ordered an extra small. it fits with both a humble tee and a button down with the sleeves rolled up. i've tried it with jeans and also joggers and heels. really a cute and versatile sweater. i got the olive but can see where the black might be more universally useful. this one works perfectly for me, however	Knits
Love this top! love that it ia jersey knit which makes it comfortable. love the print which makes it stand out. love the design of a side bow. i did not have an issue with the banded hem, in fact i like how it makes the top more structured.	Knits
Unfortunately this top looks billowy and boxy on my. i am tall and very slim and i look pregant in this one ;). maybe it works better on somebody more curvy.	Knits
I got the moss color in this cardigan. i'm not sure why these aren't sold out because it is pretty amazing! it is super soft and is a cute addition to a casual outfit. i would say that for this price it's definitely worth the buy!	Knits
I like the pattern and material on this top but the bubble hem isn't flattering on my figure. i would recommend this top if you are tiny and petite.	Knits
This cardigan looked great on line but it is one of the worst things i ever ordered at retailer. the quality is awful and the material feels flimsy and cheap.	Knits
Although i haven't worn it yet, it is very soft and functional. i will watch how i wash it so it stays that way.	Knits
This shell can be worn casual or dressy depending on what it is paired with. enjoy!	Knits
I love this top! i debated between an xs and a s, but i'm usually an xs in deletta so that's what i got. it fits perfectly and is beautiful.	Knits
Ordered this dress online and hoped for the best, because there wasn't a size chart to reference. i'm usually in between a size small and a medium, i ordered the size small and it fit well. for a more flowy look i would have gone with the medium.everything about this dress is soft, i love it! even the ribbon is delicate, soft and made of quality material. the lining feels like heaven. this dress goes to the floor on me - i'm 5' 7" - i was expecting it to be more mid ankle length, but i sti	Dresses
After reading the reviews, stating that this dress was a tent and only fit for the tall and small chested, i kind of had a battle of wills in my head over ordering it. it is very "me," but me is also 5'5, curvy, and possessing a 36g bust. i had to post a review, because i received the dress today, and i actually love it. i ordered a 16 and i love the fit. i know it's flowy, but on me, it's far from tent-like. i think it's great now as a pre-fall piece with some sandals and a jean jacket, and as	Dresses
This is seriously a beautiful dress. it has such gorgeous colors. it's lined so no slip needed. it is flowy and just the right length. i went with a petite and it is perfect.. can't wait to use it at the beach.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress.... i absolutely love the fabric and the bottom of it. sadly, the top was just too "balloon like" and poofed out way too much. i tried putting a belt with it which helped a little bit. if the top had been just a little more fitted this would be awesome. i don't know if a smaller size would have helped the issue... i ordered a small and considered an xs but in the end just returned it.	Dresses
The dress is absolutely beautiful in person. the blue stripes are a bit brighter and the print on top is more muted. it's unique and sure to turn heads. being 5'2" i tried on the small petite. this size is usually perfect (lengthwise) for me. however this dress was about 2" too long. another complaint is the style of the top half. the model in the picture seems to be hiding the puffiness of the top half. the top half puffs out and made me appear much wider than i am. not a good look on anyone.	Dresses
This may be the ugliest dress with the worst fit i have ever tried. the blue stripes are brighter than they appear in the photo, absolutely garish. the top is baggy with awful beads on the back ties, it just looks cheap. the skirt is an antebellum nightmare. i did not even want to try it on, it's that bad. i considered adding a photo, but was too horrified.for reference, i'm 5'10", approximately the height/ size of the model, but it was shorter than the photo depictes. i wanted to like it,	Dresses
I really want to love this dress, the style and colors are so nice and easy. i like the loose flowy feel of the dress. it runs a tad large, but that is part of the style. what bothers me is that the fabric and embroidery is very stiff and itchy, to the point where it is uncomfortable on my arms and body even though it is a loose fitting dress. also, it has lining which is nice for modesty, but with the stiff/itchy factor mixed with lining, it feels a bit cumbersome. i haven't decided if i will k	Dresses
Thought this would be a great dress for warm days, but alas it fit like a sack. love floreat and have a few of their well made dresses. shame this did nothing for my curves. ordered an 8, usually wear a 10 and it was a tad narrow in the shoulders. if you can sport a loose swingy shape, this is a great dress with nice detailing, but sadly the shape did not work for me.	Dresses
I am not a model shape but this dress looked so light and beautiful i had to try it. it wasn't available in my local store so i risked it and ordered online. i'm 5'6" and about 175 lbs; the medium fits perfectly. i will say that the skirt fabric comes much more sharply pleated than it looks in the photos, maybe this hangs out/mellows over time. the lining to the knee is going to be great for warm summer days. can wear to work with a shrug and some flats or to a summer wedding. the pattern is bea	Dresses
This dress is very cute and screams summer. the stripped skirt adds dimension. true maxi length. effortless and fun!	Dresses
Don't be fooled by the photos online. the color is a bright baby blue, not pale blue. it's a beautifully designed dress, however, the material is so bulky and heavy. it's so unflattering. i was afraid to try it on and my fears came true: this dress just hung on me and pulled me down. i wanted so much to love it, but i returned it.	Dresses
When i received this dress i was surprised by the weight of the fabric. it's not as light and gauzy as the photos appear, and it is fully lined. it's more substantial in a good way. also i had thought it would be more of a straight cut but it's definitely a swing which i prefer. with the lining, it does stand out a bit from your body so it's not a clingy look at all. i like it a lot but i don't think it fits the way you would expect from the photo. it's roomy, i could probably have sized down. i	Dresses
I found this dress to be a perfect flowy fit for the super-hot tail end of summer. this definitely is not a form fitting dress, but i bought my regular size medium (size 6) and think it fits perfectly. i have a pretty small chest and find that sometimes these a-line dresses look better if you don't have a lot on top making them "tent out". just my opinion. personally do not think it has an abundance of fabric. in fact, it is a lot less roomy than a lot of others in this cut due to the embroidery	Dresses
I should have listened to previous reviewers. but the dress looks so good on the model in the two dimensional pictures. when it arrived in the mail, i realized this is a mistake. it has no shape, material is poofy and feels cheap. it is going back.	Dresses
I chose this dress for my engagement photoshoot and i'm so glad i did! it is beyond beautiful, my favorite dress ever!	Dresses
I usually wear a 4, but ordered a 2 & 0 because of the previous reviews. the 2 fit perfectly. the 0 was too snug across the shoulders. both sizes were the same length and width except the shoulders.the material is beautiful and seems very well made. i am thrilled with this purchase.it looks exactly like the photo.	Dresses
I am typically a small/6 in dresses, but i should have gone with the other reviewers and sized down. it had no shape, but hung like a paper sack. the armholes fit perfectly though, if i had sized down they may have been too tight. i am 5'6" 140 lbi will return, too bad because it is a pretty dress!	Dresses
This dress is so different from any you normally see and its gorgeous. the blue on bottom is actually a much brighter blue in person than in the pictures on the site. the dress pleats along every blue line, so when you walk, it's as if the dress changes colors with every movement. it's fully lined so nothing shows underneath and it's just really beautiful. i also like how the back opens, but not all the way down, so you can wear a strapless bra without the back showing. but the sizing was a bi	Dresses
I completely agree with the other reviewers this top is easy to throw on with jeans or trousers and so comfy! i'm 5'3 with a 34ddd chest and i ordered in my normal medium which looks fantastic. and if i wanted to i think i could have sized down for a more form flattering look but i love the ease of this top.	Knits
Beautifully made, gorgeous colors. i wanted to love this, but it just wasn't flattering - too "a" shaped, not enough drape to flatter.	Dresses
Beautiful dress! wanted something different. even bought the hat ! very flattering.	Dresses
I wore this dress to a july wedding in miami beach, and if you know sofla, you know that it's hot, humid and sultry. despite the weather, the dress was light, especially at the bottom because of the slits, so i wasn't terribly hot and sweaty underneath the dress. the slip is a good length, not too short and not too long, which makes for a sexy fit. sizingwise, i'm 5'4" and weigh about 120 lbs. and purchased the dress in pxxs. i said the dress was tts because it fit a little bit snug at the u	Dresses
This dress is absolutely beautiful! i wore it in my engagement photos and it is so flowy and so beachy. you can dress it up or down and it's very comfortable as well. unfortunately, it got ocean water on it in my photos, so i took it to the dry cleaners and they lost it :-( hopefully it will come back in stock and i can buy it again. it is easily my favorite dress i have owned in quite some time. for tall people - it may be too short to wear with anything but flats. i'm 5'6" and wore sandals and	Dresses
The dress fits me like a tent and i looked pregnant. maybe this style isn't for me and i even sized down. otherwise the quality was lovely with an embroidered area on the top and the fabric style mixing was great and very trendy. it didn't work for me for the right person this is a very well made dress.	Dresses
I want to love this dress. the colors and the fabric are absolutely beautiful. it is definitely a swing-dress. much wider than i expected...and i sized down. there is also a strange pooch in the shape around the middle. i am keeping it because i am in love with the the colors and print, and it looks very flattering when paired with a black denim jacket, just not alone.	Dresses
This is a very flattering top. i'm pretty flat-chested & this top doesn't look too bad. i love the subtle peplum - it makes it a bit dressy. i'm 5'4", 112 lbs & got the xs.	Knits
Really loved this dress online and was excited to try it out. when it arrived it was heavy & bulky in the package which didn't bode well. taking it out of the bag, i was surprised at how heavy & thick it was. the picture really looks like it would be a flowy, grecian dress to throw on during a hot summer day ? but in the reality you might drown in sweat. the interior linings promised absolutely no breathing fabric.wanted to love this as the style is very cute but was disappointed by the mate	Dresses
I bought this dress on super sale and it was such a great deal. sadly it's going back although i sized down i still feel like the dress is shapeless and tent like. no wonder why the store had so many still at the price i paid. the details on the dress are pretty and it's high quality. just wish the fit was better.	Dresses
Love this top, you can really fess up, i ordered in a small i am 5 7 and 154 pounds	Knits
I usually wear size 4 for dress, but this is the first time ever i have to go down to size 0, and it fits perfectly. well made, maybe a bit stiff around armholes, nothing major. i love the length as i don't like to show my knees. great color combinations, although this supposed to be a summer dress, it looks great for fall, just need to add a jacket, a pair of boots and i'm good to go, feeling pretty!	Dresses
Very much in love with this ethereal, delicate dress. the silk is very light and slightly clingy, so take caution when wearing. the belt can be adjusted as modeled or you can get creative as there is length the play with. the liner finishes above the knee on me in medium petite. those of slender torsos and small busts may want to size down, otherwise tts. for reference i am 5'3" 36dd 140#	Dresses
Not a summer dress even though the photos make it seem like it's for hot weather. the weight and layers and synthetic fabric is very substantial. it is a bit scratchy where there is maroon fabric, but not intolerable. i love this dress but it's beyond a-line, it's a tent. i'm keeping and will wear for fall with a long sweater to flatten the fullness that's seen in profile. for my body type (top heavy, thick shoulders/back/upper arms), i chose the smaller of my size range. definitely size down if	Dresses
For reference i am 5'5 about 140lb, typically wear a size 6. luckily they had it in-store around me so i as able to try it on. i read the reviews and first tired on a size down, but it still didn't look quite right on me. i was daring and tried on another size down, and i'm glad i did! there is no lie that it runs large! it's a beautiful dress and heavy enough to wear into the fall! i will say it does still have a little "tenty" shape to it, but it's just the style of the dress.	Dresses
Fully lined until just above the knee, silk exterior, rayon lining. can dress it up or down. very lightweight and cool-feeling. this is a beautiful dress. i'm 5'9 and it fit great-- shorter people might need to alter it. i tried it on in the store and felt like a princess, but am hoping it goes on sale.	Dresses
This dress drapes very well and is flattering to many different body shapes. the colors give it the flexibility to wear from summer into fall. gorgeously designed!	Dresses
Love, love, love this silk dress. i feel classic retailer is back! perfect for hot and steamy summer days..just a few photos of the back, which has the belt band sewn in kind of high so that it can be wrapped through the side loops, grecian style. for some reason, in the online back photo, the model is wearing the dress backwards. .i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37 or 38 hips, narrow shoulders and torso, bra size 28dd/30d/32c. i tried on the size 2 regular which is the only one i found in the s	Dresses
As much as i buy from retailer, this is my first review. the pictures do not accurately show how large this dress is in person. i wanted something that was a bit flowy, but this was a reminder of little house on the prairie. the most unflattering dress ever and since it's only available online, i'm not interested enough to try a smaller size.	Dresses
This dress is fantastic. i can't help but think the other gals who gave this a low rating were perhaps more petite and didn't size down. i am 5'8 and usually a 10-12. purchased the 8 and it is great! fits wonderful and looks so nice for the price. i like clothing that doesn't touch me and this does a great job, without looking sloppy.	Dresses
I bought this dress as a surprise for my daughter. she was very happy with it.	Dresses
I do not know if this item is worth the full price but i love it. very soft, good length, and comfortable to wear. the stripes are a perfect width so as not to be overpowering. the fabric design is unique and i think the weave added to the cost of production. for many it may not be worth the cost but i am glad i purchased this top. it is not a sheer fabric. try it on if you see it in the store.	Knits
Great fit with tight pants, beautiful flower design that goes with everything. favorite tshirt	Knits
I loved the beautiful print! the sleeves were beautiful as well and added a unique quality to the shirt. i also liked the longer length of the shirt. i ordered online and kept it!	Knits
I tried this top on thinking it would be cute for the summer. it looked more like a maternity top with the fullness in the bottom. so if you're expecting, this one would be great.	Knits
This top is great under a blazer for work, can be tucked into a skirt and looks great with jeans.necklaces work great with this neckline unless they are short. the sea green is wonderful! i like the snug armholes but may be a problem for some. my hips are larger than my bust so i had to be convinced to try this on and i'm glad i was overruled. i am a small or medium in retailer tops and i got a small.	Knits
I like the design and the size/style but the fabric is different than expected and not quite as comfortable as possible. but i still like it and will keep it.	Knits
Love love love this mock tank!!! goes fabulous with everything! it's flows nicely the mock neck looks fantastic! you can probably go one size down.	Knits
Such a great classic top! very flattering! can be worn all year. i bought it in grey but think i'll need it in other colors!	Knits
I ordered the size xl and it fits me as it does on the model. it's true to size. it is made of a scratchier material but is still comfortable to wear. definitely needs a tank/cami underneath. i love the vintage look. it's worn well & washed well too. i'd love to see more versions in this same style. i'll get good use out of this in the summer and then will layer cardigans over it in the fall.	Knits
Love the rushed sleeves, and the flower pattern on the side. t shirt is, however, a little thin, hence a bit sheer. but i loved it nonetheless... i saw the loose fit and decided ot order a size down (xxs petite) ad it is so flattering. going to keep it as i don't think petite is going to make it to sale... i think it will look very cute with my denim pencil skirt, jeans or other pants for casual days!	Knits
I love the shape at the neck but the lack of shape really distracted me from loving this top. the fabric is nice but the big, boxy shape on the bottom doesn't do much for you. i agree with the other reviewers tha this top would be great as a maternity top because it really is cute if you have a baby bump. returning the top.	Knits
This fit nicely and i loved the asymmetrical flower design. it is somewhat sheer/see through so i put a tank underneath.	Knits
This t shirt is very beautiful. i absolutely love it. it is soft and flattering and gorgeous - perfect for work or play. i washed it in gentle cycle cold water. i meant to hang to dry but somehow it got in the dryer with towels. i was heart sick when i saw it in a crumpled ball. but it did not shrink nor wrinkle. wow!	Knits
I wore this when i was in my third trimester and it worked out great.	Knits
I usually get a large in tops that don't come in tall due to my long torso. thanks to the reviews on this one, i got the white top in a medium. the medium fit perfectly.  it looked just like it does on the model and not like a maternity top at all. the material is thick enough that the white wasn't see through. i paired it with some crop skinny pants and a statement necklace and received many compliments on it. the top is a little bland and needs some kind of jewelry to really make it. oth	Knits
Love this top, i would have bought two but the grey is sold out in my size. very comfortable and true to size.	Knits
Great cut, super flattering! it does run a little big in my opinion though. i'm usually a medium/size 8 and i had to get a small.	Knits
Love this shirt, but beware that it shrinks if you place it in the dryer. the good news is my teen daughter loves it, too, and benefited from my mistake. i usually wear a s or size 6 and bought this in a medium the second time around to allow for dryer.	Knits
I tried yellow motif, but unfortunately, i did not purchase it.it was quite difficult to explain why it did not work for me...i liked its floral pattern and shape of sleeves.texture was ok.usually, i like a cool touch of linen.but this t-shirt was not as comfortable as the other products made of linen.i was not quite sure; it just was not right for me.only word i could think was "average."personally, i do not recommend it, but who knows, maybe it is right for you...so, try wear	Knits
I ordered this top in a xs which is what i usually wear in most tops. a little big but just shrunk it. very comfy and love the color.	Knits
This is a very comfortable top -versatile in that you can dress it up or down. i'm happy with it!	Knits
This top is my new favorite. i ordered it on a whim, and oh boy am i glad!! i was so excited for it to be shipped to me, and once it arrived i couldn't wait to put it. once i put it on, i couldn't wait to show it off! it is such a great bluish-grayish color and looks great with some big hoop earrings, shorts, and sandals. such an easy, classic, simple shirt that i will probably wear too much.	Knits
I purchased this tee in the neutral motif. i love it, it is comfortable and it's linen (my favorite fabric) it drapes well and the birds on branches with blossoms and fruit on the side are a beautiful understated touch.	Knits
My husband saw this in the store while shopping with me and asked me to try it on. i don't normally go for patterns like this, but i thought it was cute and springy.i tried on a large first, since i prefer to cover my belly and allow for my broad shoulders. (i'm tall, big boned and 175 pounds) the large actually stuck out funny at the bottom and didn't do much for my shape.the medium, however was great! it was long enough to hide my belly and cover enough of my waistband that i wouldn't	Knits
I bought all 3 colors and couldn't be happier. love the cut, fabric, and colors. the fabric is light enough to wear in the hot summer of charleston, sc but not so light that you can see thru it. i love flowing tops in the summer that don't stick to you and this cut does that and is flattering as well. i've already work with shorts and a skirt. both looked great. easy to accessorize.	Knits
This shirt is beautiful.its very light weight and great summer tee. don't hesitate to buy this, you won't be disappointed.i usually don't buy t-shirts that are quite this pricey, but i knew it might not last till it went on sale.runs a bit large and since it is linen, it will likely stretch a bit.(i have not worn it yet)	Knits
This top completely fell short for me. i was so excited for it to arrive yesterday and upon opening the package i knew immediately that it was not what i was expecting. in the images online there seam up the middle of the shirt isn't even noticeable but in person it is very prominent...and not in a good way. the peplum is a lot fuller then pictured as well. did not work well with my large bust (34d). returned.	Knits
I bought this on sale. the cools on the bird pattern are beautiful and i liked the detail on the sleeves. a little see through, but ok with a nude bra or tank underneath.	Knits
This top runs large. i am a 34 d and usually a medium or small. the medium was a little loose in the bust, but incredibly loose and swingy in the waist. my figure was lost in the fabric. the small was too small for me in the bust, although the waist looked more flattering. the coral color was lovely and bright and not too sheer.	Knits
This really is a pretty top. i do wish it was a little thicker but it's not as see-through as other tees i've seen.	Knits
Not great quality, runs a bit lose, disproportionate (too large in neck and arms area)	Knits
This tee is so cute and well constructed. it's not a fabric that's going to wrinkle and pill eventually which i love. it runs tts and i like that it's thin but not to sheer that i need a camisole - just a nude bra!	Knits
This is a pretty top- i like the bird pattern and the asymmetry of the design. it is nice that it is a natural fiber - linen - however, the linen is not super-soft against the skin. that is typical for linen, though with a snugger fitting item such as this tee, it may be more noticeable over time.	Knits
I saw this in my local store and i fell in love with the bird pattern flowing down the right side of the shirt. for me, i bought the xs and the fit was great. i usually take a true s. the sleeves have a pulled stitching running down them and the top has nice shaping and flare to it. it is a wonderful little tee! the fabric is linen and not as soft as cotton but in this case it is not an issue as the tee does not cling to you.	Knits
I ordered a size small (usually i am ps) but wanted the extra length. usually i can get away with a regular small but not this time. such a cute style but made me look short & wide. unfortunately it's going back	Knits
This was huge on me! otherwise i thought it was a nice top, slimming. i didn't bother looking for another size, though. i got a medium. i wear a small or medium.	Knits
I was so excited bout this top. it looks adorable on the model but was not as flattering in person. the white is see through so you will need a tank underneath which looks off with the mock neckline. i bought the two other colors which are so pretty but the length of the top hit me at my hips. it def. does not have the length as described or measured in the description. i"m 5'5" and wear an xs and the size was right but length hit at my hips which is my widest part of my body. if you have tiny h	Knits
This top was a great find! it has a beautiful print on the front and goes perfect with my olive green shorts, capris, and pants! it is slightly sheer but not so much as to need a cami underneath. fits true to size. i love it!	Knits
This top arrived today, and after trying it on, i wanted to leave a review to say that the shirt is 100% without a doubt pinned back on the model in the product picture. the fit is designed to be loose, so i don't think anyone could possibly get the same look as the model even if they sized down. i've included a picture of how it fits naturally, and a picture of how it fits the model as i hold the fabric back. it's still a cute shirt, just not the flattering top i was expecting. i'm debating on	Knits
This top looks so pretty on the model. however, the photo is deceiving as the bottom section is quite wide and loose. i am petite but between a c+ to d cup. the top is not really fitted, so my bust pushed the top out and made it look like a maternity piece. from the side it hung way in front of my body. i am wondering if this is clipped in the back on the model. if you are smaller chested and taller, this top might look nice on you. i am 5'1", 105 lbs and c-d cup. i really loved the fabric and c	Knits
I really like this top. while it looks somewhat like just a t-shirt, it is not. the fabric is light and soft, it has a great texture feel, it dioes not feel like a regular cotton shirt. the print is lovely. i am very pleased.	Knits
I was so excited to receive this shirt and so disappointed when i tried it on. it's a lot fuller than it looks in this picture or maybe it's because i ordered a large? i'm 5'8", 180lbs, 36d bra size and can fit into a large at retailer just fine but it made me look huge! not flattering at all and it was so full that it looked like a short dress!	Knits
I like this top, and while it doesn't look on me like it does the model, i think it will be good for work purposes. would say it runs big and does have the maternity look risk (i bought this two months postpartum, so i need tops that cover the post baby belly and this works for that purpose). the grey is nice. bought on sale, but wouldn't recommend paying full price.	Knits
I like this shirt because it can be worn for dressy or casual. i like the weight although i wish it was just a tad less see-through. i can get by without wearing a tank under but i usually feel like i have to wear one. i like the link. i feel like it runs just a little large. i love the length of the sleeves and the detail/cut of the sleeve. i like the colors on the shirt too. it's a good, versatile addition to my wardrobe!	Knits
I bought the pink one. i like this salmon pink color! not too girly type of pink.the material is super soft and light. i have skinny torso, so it looks really nice on me not showing thin body...the only thing that disappointed me was it shrunk after the first wash... it shrunk one size! when i bought it (size s), it covered my flat hips, fits just like the picture, but now my hips are showing :(i recommend getting a size up if you are too lazy to wash cold & air dry.	Knits
I was unsure about this top at first because of reviews saying "maternity"and this shirt can have that feel if you look at it from that point. i tried it again and the arm holes fit perfectly. it has a swing cut and a peplum style which brings lots of fabric and swing. it's not that it runs big it's supposed to swing/flow from body like many styles but the peplum adds bulk because it's a little thicker fabric. so i can see how some may think maternity because of all the fabric and cut, but i lov	Knits
Listen up gals - buy every color before they disappear!!! this top is amazing. so flattering, incredible fabric, the colors are divine and the price is amazing! i am not one who wears peplum tops often if ever. a coworker of mine spotted this one in our store and told me as soon as i came in. i'm curvy - generally a l or xl on top and i have hips and a toosh. peplums can often either sit on my hips in an unflattering way, or look like a maternity top on me. this one is magic. hits a big longer,	Knits
Just got this in - love the color and fabric, but it has no shape on me. i thought i'd wear a large because i have a 36ddd chest, but i should have gotten a medium, at the largest. also, even if it did fit, it came with a stain resembling toothpaste right in front. i'll be returning.	Knits
I ordered this top in the pretty, sea glass green color. it is adorable on! it's constructed from a nice thick cotton and has a billowy swing look if you are into that, which i am. the cut of the neckline gives it a cool 60's vibe. my only issue is that the arm holes are cut small. also note that because of the wider neckline, i found putting a necklace on squashed it in a strange way. i'm still keeping it because it is awesome in every other aspect. most likely i will just jazz it up with fun e	Knits
The shirt is nice, but not as nice a material as i was hoping, but i kept it anyway. but after washing it, it is even more disappointing, not very soft and now kind of an odd length. hopefully it will grow on me, but wouldn't recommend it especially for the price.	Knits
I don't normally write reviews, but this shirt was so terrible, that i felt inspired. first off, the seam that is in both the front and back of the shirt is much more pronounced than in the photo. secondly, there is no shape whatsoever, unlike in the photo. it bells out like a tent. it honestly looks like a shirt you would buy if you were trying to appear pregnant when not. overall, this shirt is an insult to the female form. retailer, what is with all of these shapeless, frocks in cheap f	Knits
I was excited to see this top, ordered it and was disappointed. it was too tight across the chest and had too much fabric around the bottom. i tried this on 3 times hoping for i had been wrong in previous assessments- no luck.	Knits
I ordered this in a petite small; a petite xs would have fit too. fits just like on the model. i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37ish with narrow shoulders and torso. the regular size proportions would have been off on me. lovely pattern on a milky white background..i'm returning it because it feels so scratchy, much more than a linen tee i got from retailer a few years ago and that i love, especially in hot weather. with this one i would also need to wear a cami under it, as even my nude bra showed	Knits
Usually i am a huge meadow rue fan, but not this time. the print is okay, but the shirt seemed stiff and the material was not soft. if the print was just okay but the shirt was super soft or vice versa i would have probably kept the shirt, but since it was neither it was returned?	Knits
I tried the "neutral motif" one on when it first came out. i didn't buy but it stayed on my mind b/c the colors were so pretty. i got it at sale on sale and am so happy i did! it is sheer but i think it would work fine in a casual setting without a tank as long as you have a skin tone bra. great buy and tts.	Knits
I have worn this beautiful and super comfy top a number of times since i purchased it. it can be casual or add a long necklace and dress it up. super versatile!!	Knits
I love the way this dress feels and falls. . if you like a form-fitting bodice this is not the dress for you, but the drape and cut is flattering and comfortable.	Dresses
I have been looking for a soft turtleneck that can be my to-go piece in the cold weather. this fits the bill as far as the material goes. the material used is very soft and even though it seems light in weight, it is actually very warm and not see through at all. i like the feel of this top. it would be pretty accurate to say that it feels as if i am wearing a blanket around me. it is that comfy!!! however, the one detail about this top that i am unsure about is the cut. it is very boxy to the e	Knits
I love this dress! it's so flattering and the length is perfect for me now that above the knee dresses are no longer flattering.	Dresses
5'7 145# (athletic) 34c. as info, got my usual m and this is everything the previous reviewers have said. the sleeves run long, a bit bunchy at the wrists & cuffing makes them look normal length . maybe it could be just the one i've received & i know its a tie waist, but when i move it opens as if the body is a tad small. it does fit like the photo but opens with ordinary movement. pull it tighter & double-knot it you say? it only reinforced my belief that i needed to size up. i re-ordered in a	Knits
The textured marled stripes on this top are so soft and give this pullover the edge it needs. a few people have asked me where i bought this from and i've only worn it twice. fits like the photo- i'm 5'2" 115lbs and bought the xs.	Knits
Size up!!! this dress is great quality and so flattering but tight in the arms and chest. ordered in my usual xs and will regretfully need to return it.	Dresses
This is a great white dress for summer.i tried on a 4 in store and it was too big for me especially in the underarm area. when i tried on the 2, it fit perfectly. i almost felt like there should be a 3, ha ha, because it felt like it made more of a difference to downsize than i expected. that being said, i took the 2 home since it looked like it was tailored to fit my body (but not in a super tight way).fyi, i'm not super curvy. if you have a larger chest you may need your regular size.	Dresses
The dress is exactly as pictured. i bought it for work and it is perfect. the lining is the entire length of the dress and it hits just at the knee. i would say it is true to size, however it was a bit tight in my shoulders but i have very broad shoulders. i received compliments all day and remarked to myself it was so comfortable it was like wearing pajamas!	Dresses
I bought this dress for my bridal shower. it's beautiful, tts. i usually wear 2/4 in retailer and the small was perfect. i tried on in store and the dress had a few snags and defects. they ordered me one to be delivered to my apt and it was perfect. the back is pretty too!	Dresses
Great fit and very flattering if you have curves. perfect to throw over just about anything. i've only owned it for 9 days and have worn it four times.	Knits
The design of this dress was very off for my 5'4", 120 lb, 32d frame. it's low-cut and tight in the bust, but then very voluminous and unstructured around the hips, making me look wide there. a belt didn't help much. the fabric is nice, but the overall effect of the dress was frumpy.	Dresses
Love the feel and comfort	Knits
Although they didn't have any sizes left for me when i got to the store to buy it. they sent it for free and it arrived in one day it was awesome :-)	Dresses
I am very happy with my purchase. it is a great sweater! very easy to wear and cute! i am very sensitive to scratchy wool products and this one is very soft. i highly recommend it.	Knits
I love the dress! i purchased this dress to wear on my honeymoon to paris. it made me feel like a princess walking around the gardens of versalles while wearing it!	Dresses
I absolutely love this tunic and was pleasantly surprised when it arrived in the mail. i thought it looked really cute in the photo here, but it's even better in person and is extremely flattering on. so happy.	Knits
This dress i received is stylish, comfortable and very nice to wear. i love the length, goes just below the knee and i am 5'2 so it is perfect for me. i can't say enough about this dress as i can't wear a lot of things because i am apple shaped but with this dress no one would ever know. thank you retailer for this beauty!	Dresses
The photo of the mila turtleneck where model has her hands to her sides, and just below her hair, there is a bit of extra fabric which falls to the bottom of the sweater in a bit of a pleat- well, it's not representative of the abundance of fabric in the xl. i usually wear an l or xl well with retailer clothing. the excess added the appearance of excessive pounds from breasts to bottom of sweater. bummer. i'll be returning it.	Knits
This top looks elegant with my stirrup pants and feels like heaven it is so soft. fitted at the neck and arms; loose and swingy at the trunk with a beautifully finished hem. the yarn is two-toned heather.	Knits
Really soft and roomy. very comfortable. just hope it washes well. nice alternative to the regular turtleneck. i wanted it in both colors neutral and green. unfortunately, the neutral did not work for me.	Knits
I love the length of the dress and the fun swing the skirt has. the print is wonderful.	Dresses
This dress is really pretty, but not made for girls with hips. i tried on my usual size 6 and it fit everywhere but was just slightly too tight in the bum for me to feel comfortable, but i feel like i would have been swimming everywhere else in the dress in an 8 (typical of shifts i guess, but a girls can dream!). if you are a straighter shape, though, i would highly recommend.	Dresses
The tie jacket is an easy one to throw on for a casual look. it fits well to the body even better than pictured. very comfortable and medium weight so perfect for spring.	Knits
Saturday/sunday never disappoints! love this black cardigan. runs a tad large i noticed in the arm length for me. not a problem anywhere else though. good medium weight to the fabric. durable quality and waist flattering once tied. great for throwing on over a dress, wearing with a t-shirt	Knits
This sweater is extremely roomy. the cut is very wide - wider than it is long, the sleeves are dolman style, and the neck is a little loose. with a lot of manipulation i managed to convince myself that i wasn't wearing a tent, but i would suggest sizing down and also being tall and thin, if you can. i'm keeping mine despite a funky fit on my hourglass frame because i'm exploring funky town lately. join me at your own risk!	Knits
I received this dress in the mail today, and while it is lovely and the drape is flattering, it will have to go back. i would need it in a xsp as the top is far too large for me, and the dress runs long for a petite.	Dresses
This dress is as cute as i hoped it would be. i love the pockets and length and flattering cut. it looks great with boots and is perfect for fall. only con is that it is dry clean only. it seems like the fabric would do just fine with hand washing, and i will probably go for it. i just don't have the patience or organization for dry cleaning.	Dresses
It's rare for a dress to completely not work on me, but this dress completely did not work on me. i'm tall and have an hourglass figure. i got this dress in my usual size s. this dress somehow made me look ridiculously pear shaped. the empire type bust of the dress made both my bust (32c) and my waist look pretty much non-existent. it looked so bad on me i actually laughed. it's a shame though, because i had been eyeing this dress for a long time. and it is a beautiful dress, but i would not rec	Dresses
This is perfect! it fits tts. i am usually an 8 and this was spot on. it isn't too short either. it really is as it appears on the model. i absolutely love it and can't wait to wear it. my hubby definitely approved!	Dresses
I ordered my normal size 6 in this dress and could barely get it on. it runs very small. i would suggest going up a size or maybe even two sizes up.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. even my husband complimented it several times. true to size. due to the button closure in the back, you might have to size up if you are larger in the chest.	Dresses
Comfortable, thick material ( think: structured sweatshirt material) easy to throw on and look as if effort was made - when it wasn't. sizing. i'm between a large and xl usually. large was perfect. i'm tall and curvy: ( 36g curvy) and this cardigan/ belted jacket/is very flattering.	Knits
This dress is beautiful and unique - the cutouts and lace really stand out. however, the dress was huge on me and that is rare with moulinette souers. i usually get a 0 or 0p in this brand due to the bust sizing being generally smaller but the 0 regular was huge and the armholes really big. the petite may have been better but felt that it would have been too short. while the design is beautiful, there were several areas on the dress where the threads were unraveling. for reference, i am 24 waist	Dresses
The lace detail is very classy. a great go to white dress.	Dresses
I am so in love with this dress. i think it is made of high quality fabric and very well designed. i am 5'6", about 145lbs, 34d and the 4 fit perfectly! i bought it for my upcoming bridal shower and could not be more excited to wear it!!	Dresses
I've been waiting for this dress to come back in stock and when it finally did i got it in the size 2. i'm typically a 2 or 4 in dresses and the 2 fits perfect. for reference i'm 5'6, 34c, 130lb. i think it runs on a larger size because it's a shift dress. i would recommend sizing down. a great white dress to wear to my rehearsal dinner!	Dresses
This is one of my favorite purchases ever-from anywhere! one of my new years resolutions was to stop wearing work out clothes all of the time. this is as comfortable as any work out jacket and looks classy. can be dressed up or down. its warm, flattering and unique.	Knits
This is a great staple top for your closet. its tremendously soft, a bit oversized, and drapes really lovely. in store there were also striped styles available, but i love the emerald green. the colors are absolutely perfect and will transfer well into any season! my only issue with this top (which inevitably is the reason i decided not to purchase) is the dolman sleeve. i'm al xl on top...so i'm never looking for extra width in anything i wear. the dolman sleeve really only looks right on me if	Knits
This dress is a staple. if you don't feel like getting too dressed up and want to be comfortable. this is it. will be great for travel as well. i like to pack light. so i look forward to traveling with this dress.	Dresses
This dress is really lovely. if fits and flows in a very flattering way although it is a bit long (i'm really tall so that's a very nice feature for me :p) it actually feels more linen-y than i expected to which was surprising, (i probably didn't read the product description close enough) but it was a pleasant surprise. can't wait to wear this to brunch/beach parties this summer! fair warning, it's also a little see-through - might want to wear nude underwear ;)	Dresses
Love this dress! it is very flattering and makes my waist look tiny. i don't care for the hem. it isn't terrible, but i wish it was cut straight across instead of curved at the bottom. i'll probably have it altered. comfortable, great for the office.	Dresses
I wanted this dress to work so badly but if you have any chest or any hips this won't work for you. i tried in petites and regular and it just didn't work at all	Dresses
This shirt runs large in my opinion. i wish i would have sized down to a xs but maybe it will shrink a little when i wash it. its a great shirt, good quality and i'm very happy i got it.	Knits
Lovely dress that i recommend, just not for those with my body type. i'm broader and rounder on top so i assumed the vertical stripes would slim me down. from the front everything is awesome--from behind it was less flattering. made my flat bum look flatter. also the stripe patterns do not match at the break. other than that the quality is fantastic, the fabric is a great transitional weight, the fit is comfortable, and the style is classic.	Dresses
I love this dress! i was actually able to fit in a l versus my usual xl due to the style of the dress. a bigger chest person (i'm a d) may not find the dress as well fitting as i do. overall great fit can easily dress it warm with a scarf, boots, hat or best. a great dress for fall-spring	Dresses
Love love love this dress! the fit is amazing and is slimming. although the lace is delicate looking, it wears well.	Dresses
Got this for my daughter who lives out of town. i plan on bringing it to her during my next visit. i love it! the style is up to date and pretty. it's a perfect dress for almost any occasion! i'm hoping it will fit her, but the sizing looks right to me and the quality is great!	Dresses
This dress is very flattering and has wonderful movement, i'm so happy that it went on sale! definitely worth it!	Dresses
Dress is silk? it's soft and pretty. it's blue so you can wear brown or blue suede boots!i caught my reflection a few times and thought i looked really bottom heavy. dress is awesome. worth it.	Dresses
Loose fitting and comfortable without losing its shape. looks great on. the tie in front adds to the dress. i love to wear with tan knee-high boots.	Dresses
Just recd the neutral & navy in the size s, my usual size in tops at retailer. just a heads up - it's way oversized under the arms. in the fashion world probably falls under the category of a dolman style sleeve. also the fabric is nubby like/pilled look. similar fabric is the 'warm-up pullover' that i recently saw at the store. i have a feeling this may be a new trend. if you are ok w/ the oversized underarms & nubby fabric then order up. if hesitant, wait & visit the store... i love the look of	Knits
Good quality and design. perfect for casual office. definitely recommend. i don't know why it's called a cardigan because it's more like a casual blazer. note there is no button- just the tie to close. runs big. i'm 5'8'' 130# ordered the xs and it's roomy.	Knits
I just got this after ordering online and i was pleasantly surprised. the cardigan has the structure of a lightweight jacket, so it creates a flattering silhouette. i ordered it in a medium, and even though i'm curvy on top it fits really nicely.	Knits
Love this jacket! the sleeves are a little big/loose but it's not quite as flattering as it could be, but it's so comfy it's worth it! great quality.	Knits
I don't know what took me so long to pull the trigger on this item...probably because it wasn't in my store for very long so i didn't try it on in person. i decided to order this based upon the reviews, and i was immediately obsessed. this cardigan is magical. i first wore it to work with black trousers and a plain crewneck t-shirt underneath with a bib necklace, and everybody in my office thought i was wearing the cutest blazer. i had all the ladies come feel it to prove it in fact feels like a	Knits
Bought this today and i'm in love!! very flattering, great fit!	Knits
Really cute dress and i cannot wait to wear it for my wedding rehearsal dinner. the buttons on the back are my favorite part about the dress since they add something different. it fits tts, but it is more fitted than a regular shift dress, which is nice. i am 5'9, 145 pounds, and the size 6 fit me perfectly.	Dresses
This shirt is cute. i like the pleated neck as it makes the top feminine, while still casual. it is made of very soft fabric and drapes nicely. the only issue is that the seam/pleat that runs down the middle is off center. i think the fabric was cut incorrectly so the seam twists to one side after i have it on for a few minutes and move around. i keep having to twist it straight which is very annoying.	Knits
I read the online reviews that the dress ran large so ordered size 6 and 8. i'm normally an 8 or 10, and the 6 fit perfectly. dress hangs beautifully and lining is really soft. appears that it will wrinkle somewhat easily but i am keeping it anyway since it's so beautiful. the bell sleeves are really cute! i highly recommend the dress.	Dresses
Beautiful flowing feminine dress. runs large; size down. hot pink color. well made.	Dresses
I love this dress. i am usually a size 4, but ordered this in size 0 and it fits perfect! great for any season, and can dress up or dress down. the pink is the perfect shade - i feel like i'm elle woods!	Dresses
I just received this dress tried it on. i totally fell in love with it . the pink is just beautiful.it's a little big so i will definitely will be exchanging it for a size 14 . you would absolutely love this dress.	Dresses
This dress was very cute the first time i wore it, but after my second wear, the bottom layer didn't remain adjacent to the top layer and i found it to be awkward.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress! the photos do not do it justice - the pink is gorgeous! it's also very comfortable but runs large. i'm usually a 6 or an 8 but purchased a 4.	Dresses
This dress arrived with a black rope belt and belt loops. i did not see this in the photo. i thought it was a throw-on-and-go dress, not a belted dress. this, in addition to the weird sizing, caused me to return it. i am a size 4-6 in dresses and the size small i ordered was skin tight and bunched at the hips.	Dresses
The dress arrived wrinkled so i washed it and pressed it. it looked beautiful until i sat down. the entire dress was wrinkled and it looked terrible all day. can't wear this again.	Dresses
This shirt works for both going out and going to work, and i can wear it with everything. fits perfect, tucked and untucked, tied and untied. i love it.	Knits
This was my go to dress this past summer. so easy to wear and pair with cute wedges. perfect to dress up or down.	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. i bought this right before traveling to italy for vacation. it was perfect for the hot weather, flows nicely and was comfortable for a whole day walking around. i am usually a small, but this just felt to loose on my chest. i went with an xs.	Dresses
I love this dress! easy breezy flowy comfortable & pink! fits a true medium ...would recommend to anyone. makes me a little flirty!	Dresses
I bought this dress for a couple fall weddings to hide my postpartum belly. it was only available in a size 8 -- which is my typical size. i was nervous based on the reviews it would still be too big, but it fits perfectly. i am 5'10", so i assume my frame can handle the drappiness well!	Dresses
After reading the previous review, i was pretty confident in ordering this dress. it arrived in the mail today, and i was so disappointed. first of all, it's huge. the medium was way too big on me, and i'm never a small at retailer! (i even considered ordering the large in this - my normal size at retailer.) second, the colors are not as vibrant as in the photo, and the fabric felt cheap. finally, it just looked like i went to hawaii and bought a drab dress there that didn't fit right.	Dresses
This dress is awesome! love everything about it, except the colors! the pink is ridiculous, it is like pepto on crack, there's no way, outside of being a bridesmaid, i would ever wear that shade of pink. nauseating. i would order the turquoise, but i don't think i want that either. plus the pink was the only color offered in the store, even though i saw the dress offered in black online at one time. why wouldn't you stock the black in-store???? i can no longer get it.you need to offer this d	Dresses
Fun dress to wear, i received numerous compliments on the color and design of the dress. very flowy and comfortable, love it. i wish i had bought a size smaller than i normally wea because it runs large, but an overall great dress	Dresses
Unlike other reviews, i did not have a problem with the seam. this is a cute shirt that can be dressed up or down.	Knits
I have a casual oceanside wedding to attend and thought this easy, yet elegant dress would be a good purchase. i initially bought two sizes: 10 and 12. i'm typically a 12 in more structured dresses (i.e., more rigid fabric with zippered entry) but because this dress was flowy and slipped on over the head, i also ordered the 10. i'm 5'5", broader shoulders, 36d, with smaller hips that are typically one size smaller than my top half. the 12 ended up being comically huge and fit like a tent. the 10	Dresses
I purchased this blouse in black. love it. this blouse goes with everything from jeans to work to cocktail. it is perfect! my only wish is that it came in a colors. i would add navy, red, green, white. i'm tempted to purchase another one just so i never have to worry about the one i have wearing out. buy it - you won't be sorry.	Knits
This dress is a great color, fabric, and the style is very flattering! i'm wearing to a wedding but it will be great for many events this fall! dressy enough for a cocktail party but could also wear to church!	Dresses
I cannot imagine this dress working in any size. i am a small, thin and average height woman (usually a 25/26 in pants, a size 32c bust, and 5'6" tall). this dress was huge. i sized down to a 2 ( i am always a 4 in dresses) and this dress was still big... i do not know if i could size down to a 0 though as the shoulders seemed to fit right. it was ginormous. i got it for a wedding in two months and i will be 3 months pregnant, it still wouldn't work unless i was 9 months pregnant and carrying tr	Dresses
Saw this in store today and had to have it. the pink is a really bright pink - definitely more of a hot pink than it appears in the image online. i am a solid 10, and i bought this in an 8, so it definitely runs a size large. highly recommend!	Dresses
I love this dress and received many compliments when i wore it. the pink is beautiful. however, it does run large so i will need to exchange it. the little square at the base of the neckline was crooked on the one i received. might not bug anyone else, but it bothered me.	Dresses
This shirt feels amazing. it also drapes nicely and is very feminine and flattering. great versatile piece.	Knits
This top is very cute. but the middle seam in off center near the bottom and cause the top to twist while wearing it. that is annoying.	Knits
The top looks exactly as pictured and i liked the fabric. the fit is classic and i will be able to wear this top many different ways. i was hoping that it was long sleeve but it is actually 3/4 sleeve.	Knits
Beautiful dress, just like wearing a night shirt!! great flattering fit for most figures!! wonderful color love the bell sleeves.	Dresses
I hesitated to purchase this dress because of the color but it is a beautiful deep pink that i think would work with all skin tones. i ordered a size down as recommended by other reviewers and the dress fits perfectly. the feel is amazing - incredibly comfortable and not too short when you lean over!	Dresses
This dress does run large, but i sized down from med to small and it's a great fit. the fabric is lightweight as silk sometimes is, and is nicely flowy, but might require a slip.	Dresses
Love this blouse. per the previous review, there was no problem with my tailoring. it is exactly as shown. i plan to handwash this and take super good care of it. you can tell from the picture it could be an excellent wardrobe staple and absolutely timeless as well as the kind of sexy and elegant you can get away with in the office.i do think it runs a tiny bit small. however, it is not short. it's just quite a fitted piece. i would consider sizing up. i love the look of the medium on me, 5'10	Knits
This dress looks like it would be so much fun to wear. when i tried it on, i was swimming in it. i do have to admit that the movement of the dress (had it fit right) would have been very fun. i was also really disappointed with the lining. there is dark green piping along the neckline, which bled through the pink of the dress and make it look like you dropped something on your dress. returning it :(	Dresses
The dress is lovely, but the sizing is off. the tag from retailer said it was a large, my usual size, but the manufacturer's size was an 8. too small, so i will have to return it.	Dresses
This dress is adorable. dress it up or dress it down	Dresses
Like many of the other reviewers, i thought this ran a little big. i am a 5'5", 110lb pear and xs was perfect - i also ordered the small to be sure. it is not quite as close to the body as the picture. the color is gorgeous and saturated. it hits me mid thigh in a good way. the fabric is crepe on the outside and silky on the inside and it has a beautiful, high quality drapey-ness. it is unlined but not see through. it arrived wrinkled and sad, but a warm dry iron really brought out how gorgeous	Dresses
I usually do not buy dresses at full price but when i saw the teal version of this dress on the website i caved in and bought it. i had also tried the pink version of this dress in store. it's very cute and sweet but i don't think i can pull it off. the teal version is pretty accurate in color to the on screen image.this dress runs huge. i usually wear a 6 or 8 in retailer dresses and went with a size 2 for this one. it fits comfortably without being too baggy or like a tent. the materi	Dresses
I'm pretty petite and have small boobs so i should have gotten the xxs instead of the xs. however, since i'm currently pregnant (33 weeks) i figure i should buy the xs. it's a roomy dress and doesn't make you look like a boat if you're pregnant. which is awesome. since i don't have milk in my boobs yet, it's a tad roomy on the sides by my chest. not super noticeable though. i hate buying maternity clothes since they're pretty ugly and i don't like the fact that i wouldn't be able to wear it agai	Dresses
This was exactly as expected. i ordered my usual size medium. fit well. good quality fabric. it's one of my comfy weekend go to items.	Knits
Beautiful dress but runs very large. it is made of a material that does not breath so if you tend to run hot, skip this dress. great style and looks good on almost any body type. colors are very attractive and is dressy enough for special occasions,	Dresses
So this is a pricey tee but i ordered it on sale?still pricey. i?m really surprised how much i ended up loving it and wearing it. ordered it in the light red, size xs and it has become my go to tank for the summer?i wear it every week. the armholes are a tab long on me so i wear a black sports bra underneath and it does peak through but not in a tacky way. if you don?t mind the price i would pick this up.	Knits
This is a simple shirt, but so cool and comfortable in the hot florida summer! i'm ordering one in the blue and white as well... i know this is going to be a fave. i love supima cotton, and though i adore retailer, i do wish they'd carry more of the supima rather than the non-organic fabrics. so many of the pretty things i simply will not buy, because i prefer the feel of silk, linen and cotton. thanks for this one, retailer!	Knits
I love the colors, my favorite. purchased a medium and fits perfectly. i've been wearing it all summer. material is thin but super soft. for reference i am 5'8" 145 lbs 32dd. i'm obsessed with this tank. considering buying a second just in case anything happens to the one i have, that's how much i love this tank.	Knits
I ordered this in a size 1 which i thought would be a small and it was very, very wide. it is very short too. i typically wear a small and am 5'8" and 132 lbs. it's going back unfortunately. very soft material though.	Knits
In love with this. as soon as i received it in the mail i ordered another color. super soft and easy to wear. i imagine i will live in this top the rest of the summer. felt pricey, but worth it for as much wear as i will get out of it. i am 5'10, 160 and the large is a great fit. perfect fit on the shoulders and just a hair loose throughout the rest of the tank, which is what i wanted.	Knits
I usually take a small in retailer tops. i did have to order this in a medium though because it is slightly more form fitting. the material seems a little thin so i hope it holds up well over time. i love the green color though. i am curvy especially on the bottom and this was very flattering on me. i do think it is too expensive for what it is especially with the material being thin (even at sales price). overall though, i thought it flattering enough to keep.	Knits
The fabric was a beautiful color, but the material and seams were not well put together. the elastic in the arm was stretched before i tried on the dress so the sleeves did not fit well. i unfortunately ended up returning.	Dresses
Color (orange/red) and fabric nice and good qualityi ordered this since i live in astoria but am glad i did.	Knits
This is indeed a very flattering dress and looks great - unless you move in it. the fabric shows every little lump and bump on your body as you move and clings to tights (only a little but just enough to make it annoying). if you have any jiggle at all, i'd steer clear. would have definitely kept it if the fabric were different because the cut is amazing but alas.	Dresses
Would be flattering on someone who is slim with all the right curves. i'm average size and a mother of 3. the medium was not a true medium. the fabric was amazing. the arm holes were too open/low cut for my taste. i'm 5'7" and 140. this landed mid calf. not my preference. retailer accepted the return with a hassel free refund all under 2 weeks from receiving it.	Dresses
Love the color, ordered the plum. it is very nice in person, not quite as burgundy, more purple-y... i don't typically go for the plain dresses, as i feel at the price, it should be a statement, but i don't have a dress like this:wearable as casual or dressed upsolid plain colorsoft fabriclong sleeves, yet sexy enough without being too muchflirty (it is on the shorter side)i decided to keep it as dolan makes a similar dress every year, and i pass every year... this is the year	Dresses
This might look good on you if you are very tall and slim. i am a curvy medium and this was not at all flattering, it is a straight cut and hugs in the wrong places. the color is not true: it is black stripes on gray (not cream). i thought the stripes might flatter my shape, but alas, i did not look good in this.the material is very nice, soft and stretchy.	Dresses
I tried on this dress in the portland, me, store today. so much good to say about it: the wine color is deep and rich, the fabric hand is similar to a heavy weight silk, the cut of the dress so flattering.but, i didn't get it. i am 5'2" and weigh 135 lbs. i can sometimes wear a medium, but my upper arms and hips can require a large, usually petite for proper length. the store didn't have a large (i didn't even realize the dress also came in petite), so i tried on a medium. nice fit through the	Dresses
This dress is exactly what i was looking for for fall events. can be dressed up or down, flowy, suede-like fabric. i normally wear a small in most retailer pieces and even though i am pregnant in my first trimester i bought a small in this since it is stretchy and will fit me at different stages.	Dresses
Just tried this dress on in the store and ordered a petite because i'm 5'. if you are even 5'2" or taller i wouldn't recommend a petite fit unless you prefer the tunic length. this dress and material has a flattering drape for those of us with trouble belly regions.	Dresses
This top is so soft i want to wear it every day. the orange is beautiful in person. great fall color. perfect amount of swing.	Knits
The material on this dress is so soft and wonderfully drapey. super flattering; defines waist enough to not add bulk but also hide a tummy. the purple color is lovely, perfect for fall. for reference, i'm 5'1, 32dd, 118 lbs with hourglass figure.	Dresses
This tee shirt is just adorable. i found it at a local retailer and decided to try it on - and just loved it! i happened to walk out of my dressing room while wearing it, to talk to my daughter who was shopping with me and three customers in the hall said" that is so cute!" and went to find their own. i bought the ivory color, but the other colors are really nice as well.the fabric is substantial, soft and thick. the little ruffle at the shoulder makes a cute statement, but is just fun and not	Knits
This dress is a new favorite! the cut is great for most figures and the fabric has a nice drape around the curves of the body so it sort of has a slimming effect - which i love! i'm petite and curvy and so the hem lands closer to top of my knees than it does on the model in the image. the color in person is slightly more purple and less brown/maroon, but it still works for a fall/winter wardrobe. if you are uneasy about the colors, i recommend looking at it in store before purchasing. i love thi	Dresses
Smooth to the touch and body skimming, this dress drapes over my figure flaws without drawing attention. it's a great base layer for many accessories and outfits. i love this fabric dolan uses, i already own the sleeveless and cap sleeve versions of this dress. i would love if retailer would sell me a long sleeved maxi or midi version. i'm 135# 38/27/35 and purchased size m regular in green.	Dresses
I love the way this dress hangs straight down on the model, but on me it looked tacky. i'm 5'6 and 130 lbs, and this dress hit me in all the wrong places. i got a size small- sizing up would be huge in the top of the dress (and the arm holes are already dangerously large). i wish this were just a little bit a-line. instead, it's literally like someone just extended the length of a t-shirt.	Dresses
I bought this tee becasue of the color and brand (my favorite tees last summer were by bordeaux) and am so pleased. the color is great for a fall layering piece, and the fabric is so soft....amazing! it may be better for layering, the fabric is very thin.	Knits
I got this top in white and really like it. its soft, comfortable fits well but it is a little see through.	Knits
This blouse is flattering and fits great. i also have the other color in cream with the floral design. very nice!	Knits
This blouse is lovely. i ordered a large because so many blouses run small for me, but am returning for a medium, as it fits pretty loose. i love the tie. its unique and feminine.	Knits
I had really high hopes for this dress, and i am still unsure if i'll keep it or not. i ordered both a small and a medium because i was unsure of this brand. the small fit (i"m usually a 4 s/m at retailer - 34b, 140 lb, 5'8") just like it does on the model, only the photo online gives the illusion that this is a slight fit-and-flare dress. this is a shift with pleating subtleties on the bustline that bring it in slightly. also, the colors should be more like "blue multi" because there's a bright a	Dresses
I'm 5'5", 125 lbs, 34c and the xs fit perfectly. very soft, feminine top. i got many compliments the first day i wore it. wire it for business casual, but looking forward to wearing it with flare jeans for a more 70's look. highly recommend this great sale on a wonderful top.	Knits
I usually love bordeaux so i was very disappointed with this shirt when it arrived. the fabric smelled plastic-y which is a first for me with retailer products. when i put the shirt on, i could see it had that sheen that comes from rayon spandex blend shirts, i hadn't noticed that it had spandex in it when i ordered it. this fabric looks and feels exactly like the cheap blends sold at discount stores. i can't believe retailer is selling this.	Knits
The material is soft and comfortable and the top of the shirt fits well. when it comes to the bottom part of the shirt there's a lot of extra fabric which makes it balloon out. it made me look much bigger than i am. i ordered a large (normally i wear lg or xl) and it's possible a medium would have fit better. unfortunately this shirt had to be returned.	Knits
I returned this as it was way too boxy/loose. ordered a size small but probably needed to size down.	Knits
Unfortunately this was too low cut for me,so i had to return it. i wish the neckline was higher. i could tug it up but it slipped right back down. the fabric is a perfect spring weight and the floral pattern is lovely. on me the ties, no matter how i fiddled, didn't cover the cleavage issue and i am a aa!	Knits
The material of the shirt and the ties are two different materials. the shirt is a very soft cotton, but the ties are of a more dressier material. i expected the shirt to be of the dressier material. overall it is a cute shirt, just not what i expected.	Knits
This dress is perfect, length right below the knee, white slip lining adds to quality, smocking fits upper body perfectly.	Dresses
Cute tee shirt but it runs very large.i ordered a small and probably an xxs would have fit.unfortunately i have to return it.for reference i am 5'3" and 110 lbs.	Knits
I absolutely love this dress! i got it right after my first baby was born to wear to an outdoor, early october wedding. it was perfect! the fit is flattering and the dress is well made. it's a classy, elegant dress and i have worn it many times since.	Dresses
Too floppy; light and comfortable material but the tie-neck needs a shirt with a bit more structure.	Knits
I really like this shirt overall. i'm 5'2 and the petite sizes were sold out so i bought a regular. if you are short like me, beware that the sleeves am be almost comically long. while the shirt is stretchy, the cuffs are not so pushing the sleeves up isn't really an option. also, it had lots of loose, hanging threads straight out of the package. but overall, it's a keeper!	Knits
Im a busty gal at a 34ddd and this was pretty flattering. it showed off my curves and hid my unfit belly with ease. i usually am a small to medium and i ordered large in both the grey and gold stripe and i love them both. they fit flawlessly. very flattering and i like the high neck line	Knits
I just love the print on this shirt! it is so feminine and pretty! the material is very soft! i took my usual medium. a great addition to my spring wardrobe!	Knits
Fun blouse for spring with enough details to make it unique and dressy. very comfortable fit. banded bottom which is loose enough to still be comfortable. dresses up a pair of jeans quite nicely!	Knits
Got this on sale in black and red, and have only worn the black. quality is poor, seems to stretch out over the course of the day and loses its shape somewhat. a smaller size may keep its shape better so you may want to size down. not worth full price.	Knits
Love it, so pretty! got tons of compliments. the white color makes you look tan but the red still gives it color. comfy, not body hugging though if you're looking for that.	Dresses
Nice work top! i ordered the slightly yellow ivory print, which is beautiful, and the print placement perfect. even better, it's work appropriate. the cotton/synthetic blend has stretch without stretching out.size: i ordered my normal size small for retailer brands like meadow rue. i'm 5'4", approx 140 lbs, 35-30-37, 34d, narrow shoulders, short arms, long torso.fit: the sleeves are slightly long, but the buttoned cuffs rest at my wrist. the fabric blend allows this top very good drape. i like	Knits
I wanted this top in a petite xs, but it was sold out so i got the xs. i'm 5'2" with a 34b bust, and while the bottom comes down to my waist like on the model, the sleeves are a bit long...they seem a little long on the model, too. i wore this to work and constantly had to pull my top back as the scoop neck kept drooping down as i moved around throughout the day. really like the tie neck feature though.	Knits
T.la has another winner in my book. i decided on the blue and thrilled with the tee. it's a soft blue almost light periwinkle. fabric isn't so thin so it not see through. thank goodness. i actually love it so much i'm ordering the other color as well. i absolutely would recommend this cute tee. love love t.la.	Knits
This shirt was cute and fit well- true to size- but i felt for the material, it was not worth the $68. the colors offered were a little drab. i thought the grey could work for me, but it didn't. the neck hole looks a little sloppy for a $68 shirt- the roll doesn't lay flat all the way around. would be better priced in the $30-$40 range.	Knits
Thank you retailer for a collection that includes dressy mid-length dresses suitable for special occasions! the simplistic beauty, quality of workmanship, and form fitting style of this dress is perfect. the fit and flare enhances curves and hides flaws. it pairs perfectly with the necklace shown and a cropped lace front cardigan that i found elsewhere. admittedly, i am not sure that younger clients would be happy with the tea length, but i am ecstatic!	Dresses
This shirt is true to size. it has beautiful detail and feels very soft and comfortable. it can be worn to dress up jeans or with a skirt for a night out for dinner.	Knits
I'm an xl in retailer blouses, and this blouse is the same. i'm guessing women with a thin frame might size down, but i can't say for sure. i purchased the white blouse with the floral pattern. there is a narrow band on the bottom, but it isn't tight, so i didn't find it to be a problem. i usually don't like blouses with banded bottoms, but this is loose. the band does cause the blouse to blouse out a bit, but the fabric has a really nice drape to it, so it worked fine. the fabric has a gre	Knits
I love everything from retailer but this top did not fit all that flattering. the neck line fits a little weird. too bad. color was nice though. i returned the top.	Knits
This top is really a great, and it's very affordable. the fabric is light weight, but opaque enough that you don't need a cami. even though this has long sleeves, i can imagine wearing this well into the summer (and i live in south florida). it's comfortable, and the band at the bottom is not tight. the color is slightly ivory and the floral print is clear and bright. the neck tie is really nice and adds a '70's vibe without being overdone or overly dramatic. definite keeper.	Knits
I wanted this top to fit. i ordered a large and was swimming in it. i returned it to the store where they had it in all sizes. i tried on a medium and it was still too big and then a small that fit but i just did not love it. i did not have trouble with it being cut too low. i think it might look best on someone who is straight up and down and not hourglass since it blouses over the waist. this print is soooo pretty!!	Knits
I love the flowers on this top. the style is cute with the band at the waist. i ordered an extra small and it fits perfectly.	Knits
I wanted to love this dress. it really has no style. i was expecting the smocking to be fitted but it just hung. i considered going down a size but i think the lining would have been too tight. had to return it.	Dresses
Love this tank. it is so soft and comfortable. the length hits just right on the hip. it hugs the body nicely, not too tight, just loose enough on a hot summer day. i have this in black and white. i wish they would offer more colors.	Knits
Got this in the black when i was in greenville nc. i had seen it online for a little while and didn't think much of it until i tried it on in the store. it's surprisingly comfortable and it isn't too heavy. its the perfect "staple" black shirt in my closet. it is also very forgiving.	Knits
Huge with bountiful amounts of extra fullness....not like represented picture. and it snags very easily. i have a 4 mo. old puppy that jumped up on me as i was trying it on and snagged it in several places. 'i'm going to see about returning it with the snags.	Knits
Love this blouse. i usually wear a small and had to exchange it for an xs, which fits perfectly. not form fitting but flattering; washes beautifully, too. i highly recommend this blouse.	Knits
Love, love this top. it is soft, comfortable, and cute. it is versatile (e.g. i can dress up for work or dress down by throwing on a pair of jeans). the tie at the neck adds a cute detail (if you want it tied). great staple for the wardrobe. i purchased in the black and it is very versatile, not sure how i feel about the print...	Knits
Just piping in here -- ordered my usual size of small petite. the slip that came with the dress is about a size negative zero, it could hardly squeeze over my body and the dress itself is a bright pale aqua and it is a shift. and because of the smocking it hangs very strangely. i think it looks very cheap and is ill fitting. i would say if you are a person on which shift dresses look awesome you might like this, but mind the size of the slip in the petites range, and also it is aqua.	Dresses
This is one of my all time favorite retailer purchases. this dress is perfect in every way - mine fits me exactly like the model and i was lucky enough to purchase it in black. if you're on the fence, take the plunge and buy this dress - you won't be disappointed!	Dresses
Ever since i saw this dress i fall for it totally love the pattern and the colors. i got the size l and the fabric is really good. once i tried it on tho it broke my heart the dress fit perfect everywhere but in the v neck... the design there is odd i believe is for small breast cup girls, im size c and let me tell you it look horrible, i was very disappointed so dress its going back :(	Dresses
I really love the idea behind this. however, the fit doesn't work for me. i'm usually a s or xs in retailer tops, and i often go with xs for sleeveless tops. this one runs small though - the xs was a bit too small on me based on length and width. the neckline was very high (higher than it looks in the model photo) and the armholes were too big. so i don't think sizing up would improve matters much due to the armhole issue. the other criticism is that the front is not lined.	Knits
I was looking for a dress for my engagement pictures and once i saw this dress i knew it was the one! i ordered the white in a small (size 2) i am 5'4 130lbs. it fits perfect and the length is just right. some reviews said it's boxy and has too much flow to it but if you have the right size it won't be an issue! yes, it's a lace dress so it's going to be delicate and you'll need to handle with care. but it's worth it, absolutely stunning!	Dresses
I didn't have as much of a problem with the sheer fabric as the other reviewers, but this dress is incredibly long and large, especially compared to the picture. for reference, i'm usually a 4/6 in retailer dresses and the small was huge on me, particularly on the bottom half. i was very disappointed because this dress looks so cute online!	Dresses
Frumpy - looked like a nightgown on me; maybe better on someone younger ...	Dresses
This dress was adorable & fit great! regrettably, i had to return it since it wasn't lined.	Dresses
I love this dress. you can wear it for everyday or you can put some bling with it and dress it up. it fits very well. flattering. i highly recommend!!	Dresses
This dress is very figure flattering. however, it is not navy it's purple. overall nice print, somewhat cheap material and zipper gets stuck. i am keeping because it's versatile and i like the vintage floral pattern.	Dresses
The lace and fit were good. but the length seemed awkward to me given how boxy and flowy-ish the dress is. it felt like a baby doll with sleeves or something. and i hated the "outside" middle material, hated it. it felt cheap and odd when compared to the lace. maybe i was just not in the right demographic for this piece.	Dresses
Bought this somewhat on a whim during a promo in yellow, which is a lovely light cheery yellow (didn't make my pale skin look terrible). i love the detail of the dress and the swing silhouette. the slip is also of good quality. i don't love where the slip falls in the lace panel near the bust because it looks a little funny to me in a distracting way, but i'm keeping the dress. it's cute and fun :)	Dresses
I really wanted to love this. i kept refreshing the page so that i could order it as soon as my size was in stock. i love the colors and struggle to find cute dresses in natural fabrics for the summer. unfortunately as another reviewer mentioned the cut of the arm holes is strange. it cut my off in the most unflattering spot.	Dresses
I really love the style of this top. it's a great lightweight, breathable top perfect for summer. it is slightly sheer so i have to wear a cami underneath. it is definitely a flowy top, but flattering. i'm 5'0 115lbs and ordered the xxs. a petite size would've been better as it is long on me (it covers my butt in the back), but it looks good with a longer short or pants.	Knits
I love the design and the fabric, but the fit is just off on this dress. the area around the bust is just not fitted well. the wrap portion of the dress in this area gaps and does not lie flat. that is an easy enough fix with a good seamstress, but the waist also sat too high on me (maybe i'm long waisted, who knows?), so between the super high waist and the flannel-type fabric, it just looked kind of like a bath robe on me. i wish it weren't so. i was so hoping for a cool plaid dress that i cou	Dresses
First, i received mine with the back button (by the neck) busted (the part where you insert the button was loose, so could not button). i ordered the yellow one, and was surprised how yellow it was when received. it is brighter than the picture shows, not bad though.the cut of the dress is nice, very "sweet", i liked that it was flowy and the lace was beautiful to me. arms were a tad tight, only because i have muscular arms. stil lable to wear it.i ordered the 0petite, and it fit. i am 1	Dresses
This is one of the lowest quality shirts i have ever received from retailer. i was so excited for the shirt, it looked so pretty and soft in the pictures. the flax is very scratchy, marring the softness of the rest of the fabric. the top half is totally sheer, requiring a cami. the shirt is cut in such a way that it flares out from the rib cafe in an unstructured way, unnecessarily adding visual pounds. finally, the sewing is done very poorly and the the side tag is literally three inches long--wh	Knits
I ordered this in size xl and ended up returning it as soon as i received it. the color was just as pretty in person. the thick eyelet panel was well done. the problem is the whole tank was much smaller/tighter than pictured. i have several tops from this maker and was surprised how this was cut too small compared to their normal fit. i'm pear-shaped, so the hip area looked terrible. but, the whole top just wasn't up to the typical fitting standards for xl. retailer has done much better in the pas	Knits
I so loved this dress online. not so much in person. first of all it didn't fit my build. i'm 5'4" with a 32f bust and the waist line was just a bit too high to be flattering. mainly i'm returning it because of the fabric. the petticoat netting does rustle as another buyer pointed out. my main fault is that the top fabric is synthetic and cheaply printed. basically it's the lining fabric of a better made dress or coat. if it were cotton voile or silk it would have been beautiful. why they made i	Dresses
I wear this out, but it's also a super comfortable to lounge around the house in. i measure 35" 28" 40" (6 through the top, 10 in the bottom). i ordered a medium based on comments from other users concerning the top and it being constricting. i didn't find that to be true, but for a closer fit i probably should have ordered the small. overall, this is a fun dress to wear.	Dresses
I've been looking for dresses to wear to nurse in since i just had a baby & so i bought this dress knowing it just had a tack holding the front fold together & always intending to remove the tack. i love it. the fabric is super soft. i wear it with a nursing tank underneath and a wide belt to cinch my waist & it's amazing. with the tack in, it did pull very strangely across the bust as others have mentioned, so it's not good for a big bust unless you intend to remove the tack & wear something un	Dresses
This dress is so so cute. i ordered an xs and it was a bit longer in person than pictured but that's an easy enough fix since i know a good tailor. the problem is that the dress isn't lined. it's made of thin, see-through cotton so it leaves nothing to the imagination. for the price of this dress i would have expected it to be suited for more than just a bathing suit cover-up. without a slip underneath it (if you can find a strapless one) it is unwearable in most social settings. it's such a sha	Dresses
Overall this is a great shirt. the material is soft and a little sheer, but not sheer enough to have to wear something underneath. the only negative is that the v sits a little high so i felt like i was constantly pulling the shirt down through out the day.	Knits
Obsessed with black watch scottish tartan so this really hits the mark and goes beautifully with my joe fresh black watch print wellies rain boots. the wrap top is flattering but pulls on me ( i have this in the red and blue plaid as well.	Dresses
I love the weight of the material; sometimes crinkled gauze looks cheap; this does not. the lace trim is more 2-tone than the photo suggests, but that is not negative, and the color of the dress is more salmon than peach, again, not a negative. the length is as it is on the model, just below the knee. i wore it to what turned out to be surprise party for me at the beach! i paired it with huge silver hoops and silver flipflops. i felt special, stylish and comfortable. it was a good dress for some	Dresses
Stumbled upon this dress which had been returned to a store and was encouraged to try it on by the sales staff, and am glad i did. it's a beautiful dress that i didn't need and have no idea what i will wear it for, but bought anyway. i got a size 8 and it fits perfectly though i will need to shorten it a bit. i am busty and prefer a bit more coverage so will add more tulle to the v neck. i agree with the other reviewer about the tulle underlay but it looks easy enough to remove from the lining o	Dresses
I love, love this dress except for the armpits. if they had just made the armpits a normal round shape with normal openings, the dress would have been perfection. so audrey hepburn!! but i had to say no. i really wish they would redo this dress with normal arm openings. i think it would sell like crazy.	Dresses
After seeing this dress online and noticing how quickly it sold out, i was curious about it, but thought i was out of luck. it just so happened that i ran into the store and they had one returned in my size. i tried it and wasn't sold. however, i loved the color. it was snug across the shoulders and arms. the rest was somewhat flowy, but boxy at the same time. i ended up bringing it home to think on it. after trying it on again, i realized the snugness across the shoulder really caused the top t	Dresses
Very well made, wonderful fabric. fit perfectly everywhere but the bust.	Dresses
We were at dinner in provence at sunset... and in walked a young lady wearing this lavender? dusty blue? lilac? creation- just swingy enough to be perfectly comfortable, yet lacy enough to be elegant. the color struck me as "south-of-france". they were american by accent. i was too shy to ask the brand of her dress, but knew by the powers of the internet that this dress would one day be mine. magnolia lace dress- i found you!!!	Dresses
I purchased this dress in black a few months back. i was so excited to see it back in multiple colors! the black dress went well with riding boots and tights for colder temps. the yellow dress will be great in warm temps with cute sandals. super comfortable and flattering.	Dresses
Love this dress. it is simultaneously romantic, sexy and sweet. could be a casual dress but also worn with heels. it does run a little large but it is flowy and not meant to be super tight. i am 36d and the top isn't too tight - ordered the size 4 and am very happy with the fit.	Dresses
Regretfully, this dress is on its way back for an exchange. the dresss is beautiful and fits true to size, i ordered it in both colors, however, the black has a defect in the lace right on the front of the dress, and the white was tearing in a few spots under the arms and on the bottom. again, the dress is so pretty and i am hoping retailer will find me one without bunching, pulls , or tears for an exchange, but i can't pay 130" for a dress that is already torn.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous! the color is perfect for spring/summer. the dress does run wide/loose. i read reviews before ordering and i am glad that i did. i am usually a petite size, but the reviews recommended going with the regular due to length and the design at the bottom (and wanting to be able to bend over comfortably). i am 5'2 and about 116lbs. i ordered the 2 regular and it worked well. i received many compliments!	Dresses
This dress is lovely! so flattering. i'm 5'6 and 140 pounds pre pregnancy and just into my second trimester. purchased a 4. will work for many more months and again after baby.	Dresses
This dress was beautiful in person and the blue is almost electric in color. i wanted to wear this to a party for a club i belong to, however the bust on the dress is to big. i'm 5 ft tall and 115 lbs with 32b bra size. i got the 2p as i was worried about it being to tight. it fit perfect except for the bust. the way the top is cut and the black sheer fabric allows part of the bra to show in the cleavage area. not worth they one to have it altered. will return. sad because it's a fun dress to tw	Dresses
I love the print of this dress; the deep blue really is striking. i agree with the other reviewers that it has no lining and therefore, it's hard to justify the price. i can't seem to part with it yet due to the lovely print and the off the shoulder style is romantic and flattering. still on the fence. . . it would be better as a sale piece.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress so much but it just looked frumpy no matter what i did. i'm normally a 14, and i bought a size 12 and it still looks very baggy and not flattering. i'm sad because in photos it's my favorite dress of all time!	Dresses
The style of this dress is quite lovely, i immediately gravitated towards it when i saw in the store, however once i tried it on it looked like a sack of potatoes...unfortunately the loose silhouette did not do anything for my figure, i should mention that i am 5'9" and have an athletic figure but with hips. the design is very on trend and the dress does have some lovely details like the lace around the hip area and flowy fabric. but unfortunately it was not enough for me to purchase. also the	Dresses
This is a casual, flattering off the shoulder float dress with pockets! perfect for sunday brunch or a casual night out. and, as other reviews stated the fabric is lightweight but you cannot see anything through it, except perhaps a glance of the outline of your legs but that is it. definitely not a reason to not buy this adorable dress!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful just like the picture. it fits true to size and is quite comfortable considering it is on the delicate side. definitely recommend this one!	Dresses
This dress was super cute online. i ordered it in small and medium, both fit, one tighter--obviously, but could have gotten away with either. the dress is cut a little funny under the armpits and fell a little weird in front so i didn't think it was flattering on me. it would be flattering on very slim body, smaller on top. i sent it back. i'm a 34 c, athletic build.	Dresses
I got this tank because it was on sale, thinking it could be cute, but i didn't have high hopes. once i put it on, i loved it. i have a long torso and it's the perfect length. i have worn it with a jacket over it also to extend its life into cooler weather.	Knits
This dress is so pretty!! the second i saw it i knew i had to have it. make sure to get a smaller size because it can be a little big towards the waist as a result of the dress' design.	Dresses
This dress was sooo cute online and in the store - i hands down would have bought it but i had an extra few minutes so i decided to try it on- terrible! the dress looked awakward on me- the strings lacing strings had town on a few spots and it just was not flattering for a curvy girl. now i know why there were so many in the store! which is a rarity for my location.	Dresses
I agree with the other two reviews. it is so disappointing that this adorable dress isn't lined. the fabric is paper thin! this is an a-line style dress with pockets that need to be ironed down to prevent it making you look hippy. i sized down to a petite xs. i normally buy the petite smalls but they were out of it. i would say that this dress runs a little on the large size.	Dresses
I am 5ft 8in and about 140lbs-athletic busty build. i normally wear a size 4-6. i ordered this dress in white in a size 6 and couldn't be more pleased! i actually hopped online today to try to order another in the lilac but they are unfortunately sold out. this dress is exactly as pictured-the upper back is fitted, keeping it from going out too much and looking like a straight up tent. i adore it and hope that they will re-stock it!	Dresses
I am a 6p (5'2") and got this in a regular small as it did not seem to come petite. my tailor is taking 5 inches off the bottom as the lower portions (it is an uneven hem) are ankle length.black watch tartan is one of my favorites - so had to get this dress!i would say it fits tts. it is on my shoulders and the sleeves are bracelet length; i have a little extra material around the waist. the dress zippers up the size and there is an elastic section at the small of the back. i find th	Dresses
This dress is so pretty, a true cinderella dress, that's why i can't find a reasonable explanation for such an amazing dress to be made out of plastic. i don't understand much about fabrics, but the dress feels like a waterproof camping tent. i bought a size 14, which is what i wear in moulinette souers (i usually go one size up since i find the rib cage small in this brand), the fit was perfect and the cut was very flattering. i will anxiously hope for a remake of this dress with a better fabri	Dresses
I just discovered this dress a few days ago and it's simply dreamy!! i'd been searching for the perfect summer dress to wear to a wedding in june but had been highly disappointed in the selection of pastel colors from other shops. this dress is the perfect summer shade and will be perfect for the texas heat in june! i absolutely love how it flows and is elegant yet modest. the lace cut-outs are gorgeous!	Dresses
This dress is adorable. the colors are vibrant and very eye catching. i found it runs tts -- for reference i'm 5'4" 140lbs and i ordered a 6. the dress is fitted on top with some very nice/forgiving pleats around the stomach.	Dresses
The material feels substantial and decent. however the diameter of the opening for arm is too big, it exposes good chunk of my bra. have to return it. there're also loose fiber of the fabrics, not sure if it is because it's new.	Knits
This dress is just absolutely adorable! you can dress it up and wear it to a wedding, or you can dress it down and slip on a pair of sandals and use it as a casual summer dress! this dress does run a tad bit large - i'm usually a size 4 but the size 4 was slightly too big for me. best purchase yet!	Dresses
I wanted to own this so badly! it ran really short, even with the adjustable slip and was incredibly tight in the shoulders. i could barely get the dress off!	Dresses
The holding horses brand never ceases to amaze me. this dress is gorgeous in person! i have received so many compliments while wearing this dress. the lace is intracately crafted and the lilac color is perfect. i actually have this magnolia dress in black as well and i might even get the new reddish color too. needless to say i'm obsessed with this dress?	Dresses
As other reviewers have noted, the fit of this tee is very boxy. it looks okay tucked-in to high waisted jeans, but otherwise is unflattering. also, the color is described as black, but mine looks like a navy blue in person. i kept the shirt because i live overseas and returning it would have been difficult, but if able to, i would have returned it.	Knits
Loved the fabric and details. the cut was a tad looser/bigger than i expected.perfect dress for fall.	Dresses
I purchased this dress in my normal small size - via online. i exchanged it it for a medium in the store as the shoulders were just a little too tight for me. i plan on wear it with tights/leggings as it's a little to short on my 5'9" frame. well made and the bodice has so much detail but not over the top.	Dresses
I loved this dress. it fit perfectly everywhere except for the sleeves. the dress has an overall relaxed fit, but the sleeves were way too tight. i had to send back because of sleeves.	Dresses
I love this dress for fall. it is slightly sheer, so i would recommend wearing tights or a slip underneath, but it is lightweight enough for fall that i can transition the dress into the season as it gets colder. one note -- i am 5'1", and was required to size down to an xs in this dress due to length. the xs is perfect for work, as it hits me slightly above my knees.	Dresses
Kind of excited about this little number. i found it online and was immediately drawn to the boho-chic look. it arrived and i was impressed with the weight of the dress and the detailing that is missed in the photo.	Dresses
This is a great, easy-to-wear dress with lovely beaded detailing all over the front bodice and ladder lace trim running the length of the sleeves. easily dressed up or down. i usually wear petites but ordered the regular size based on previous reviews, and the slightly longer length was perfect for me (it hit just above the knees). there were a few beads that were coming a little loose, so i did have to secure those but it wasn't a big deal for me as i'm pretty comfortable with light mending, et	Dresses
This dress is beautiful - the pattern is pretty and the beading detail is stunning. i immediately received many compliments the first day i wore it. i do think it is a little short so i bought a size up (i also like loose fitting clothing) and i wore it with bare legs and boots and felt ok, will likely add leggings or tights as the weather gets cooler.	Dresses
This dress is more beautiful in person than it is online. during the fall/winter i love to wear dresses with tights and pair them with boots. this dress is so cute, the material is pretty thin, but lined and flowey, i am 5'9 34 b bra 27 inch waist and a size 2 was great. the dress itself is pretty shapeless but string around the waist is adjustable to make it fit you the right way (giving it some shape) the v neckline is definitely more attractive in person than in the pictures, and the stitchin	Dresses
Wore this to work and nearly everyone complimented me on it. very comfortable. lots of detailing. perfect for fall. pockets! i'm usually somewhere between a s and m but this piece was generously cut and a s was perfect. i debated ordering the petite, but actually the regular cut was the perfect length even though i'm only 5'4".	Dresses
This dress was one of those incidental finds i saw in-store while making an online return. for whatever reason i didn't notice this one online but loved it in person. the fit is easy going and flattering, i took a small as the shoulder fit would've been a little tight in the xs. great dress for transitioning seasons :)	Dresses
I grabbed this immediately when i saw it in the store - the details are beautiful - beading, embroidery, and small opening details on the arms. from a practicality standpoint, it has pockets, it's machine washable, and it can easily be worn as is, with black leggings or tall boots in fall, and then throw an additional chunky ivory cardigan on for winter. for sizing, i am usually a size s and found it to fit loosely, but in comfortable slightlyyyy swingy way. if i had sized down the shoulder seam	Dresses
I was not so sure i would like this dress as i was afraid it may be too boxy looking. per other reviews i took a chance...i love it!so sweet with my grey boots and just dressy enough...but still casual and fun.detail work is very nicely done.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and extremely well made. there is s little more weight to the fabric than i had assumed but it's nice for fall/transition/cooler temps. i'm so sad that i will most likely return this dress because it's just not working on my postpartum body but there is a part of me that wants to keep it because of how stunning it is.	Dresses
Great dress. fits perfectly. will be perfect in the winter and with leggings.	Dresses
The dress is as great 'in person' as it shows in the pictures. if you usually buy petite keep in mind that you may like the regular size if you prefer the llonger look. if you prefer a shorter length go for the petite size if this is what you usually get. i am 5.3, 117 lbs and tried both, xs regular and xs petite. i ultimately went with the regular size as i preferred the longer length.everything about this dress is perfect, the color, the material, the cut. highly recommended as a transition	Dresses
Love this so much. it's beautiful and i get tons of compliments. it's a touch short as a dress but looks amazing with leggings!	Dresses
This dress is amazing beautiful and perfect for fall. the colors and beading are so much better in person. the pockets are an added bonus! i'm typically a xs but sized up to a s only because i felt the sleeves were tight and across the bust was tighter than i'd like when moving my arms. the xs would have worked but the s is perfect comfort. i highly recommend this beauty. for reference, i'm 5'2, 120 lbs.	Dresses
I think this is the perfect fall dress. i did not have the cleavage issue because i am going to wear the little button buttoned at the top. i like the sleeves can be pushed up or down depending upon your weather. i thought it be very slenderizing.  i am thin on top but curvy on the bottom. i'm going to wear it with closed toe wedges but if my legs were thinner i think tall boots would be pretty.	Dresses
This is absolutely beautiful. but i am only 5'6"and the dress hits my thigh about the same place as it does on the model. one lean over to pick up my purse off the floor and i will flash everyone.  so i am going to wear it with dark denim leggings and tall boots.  likewise i did not detect even a speck of black. to me it is navy and purple. i was wishing it had black because those are my favorite leggings but quite honestly i think you're going to have to do navy or denim.	Dresses
This dress is exactly what i was looking for. i have a very business casual job but wearing jeans and blouses can get boring so i'm constantly on the lookout for easy, go-to dresses that i can throw on year round with flats, booties, sandals, etc. this dress is exactly what i had in mind and i look forward to wearing it in the fall/spring with booties and in the winter with tights.	Dresses
Bought this at sale price. pretty in person and soft / comfortable. runs really big. size down.i got it in my usual size l, but will have to exchange for an m.	Knits
This shirt is boxy. but, as the pictures clearly shows, that is the design of it. if you know how to style outfits, it's a great buy. i really like it. i'm tall and slender, so it's a bit easier for me to pull this off. the design and color are just really neat. really cool shirt for the fall.	Knits
I love the style of this dress but felt that it didn't look great on. really sad it didn't work out :( felt like it was too short and the drop waist was awkward and looked childish. beautiful fabric and design if it fits you well though!	Dresses
Love this dress!! will go from fall to winter. so comfy. got it in medium.. and fits great.	Dresses
The fabric, so diaphanous! so flowy! the pattern, so pretty with such interesting colors. it could literally go with anything! purple, yellow, orange, green, they're all in there. but here's the but....i have no waist! and when you put this type of empire silhouette on me, i look like i'm wearing a sack, or i have some pregnancy news--when i don't. i tried belting it : waist tie is too high; i tried putting on a vest, too annie hall and called too much attention to the sleeves, while adding	Dresses
Very flattering! i am petite, but have large breasts. so, i expected this dress to look boxy on me. but the flowy fabric falls perfectly on the body and shows just the right amount of shape. the pattern is beautiful and perfect for the cooler seasons. the dress is also very versatile. it can be dressed up with heels and a jacket, or down with flats and a denim vest or jacket. i know i'm going to wear this dress over and over this fall and winter.	Dresses
There is so much going on on this dress - it's fantastic. hard to tell from pics - but there is a peek-a-boo lattice detail going down the front and back of the sleeves. the beading is plentiful but not too much for work. dress is significantly longer on me than the model - i'm 5'6", but still a tad above the knee. with tall boots or booties and tights, this will go straight from work to out for the evening. i'm real long waisted - originally ordered m, but exchanged for l. much better fit overa	Dresses
Beautiful and good quality dress. the pictures nor the description really show or mention the keyhole cut at the front neckline. you really have to look very closely at the model photos to see it. unlike the model, i have curves and this dress showed way too much cleavage for me.	Dresses
This dress is so much better in person than pictures. details on the sleeves and buttons on the front shows quality and makes it an original looking dress. i've wore it yesterday for the first time and received 4 compliments. buy before it sells out!	Dresses
Runs true to size for brand/retailer clothes (xs for 5'5", ~120lbs), but a little tight in the shoulders/biceps if you have fairly developed muscles or just wide shoulders. watch out for the skirt riding up when you reach for something or bend over.	Dresses
I bought this dress for an october wedding in savannah, ga. i love it! can be dressed up or down. i'm 5'3" and 112 lbs and bought an xs. like other reviewers said, it's a little tight through the arms. i probably could have done an xxs but wouldn't be as comfortable. i'd recommend this dress to anyone looking for a versatile dress for fall and winter.	Dresses
Another tent-like tee. this shirt is thin but not in a bad way and the color and design are really nice. but...it is really boxy and i'm just tired of that look. the longer sleeves are a plus for fall.	Knits
Love!!!! i was super hesitant to try this dress on, it didn't look great online or on the hanger. but it looked great on! it has a very boho/70s/vintage feel. i am curvy, and it looked fabulous.	Dresses
Super cute dress for fall. detail is much more intricate than what you are able to see online. not too long and will look perfect with tights and boots.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful, and the a line shape is very flattering. i'm 5'10" and it hits just above my knees. i'm small on top, so the keyhole slit isn't an issue for me, but it does gap more than it does on the model. this dress has lots of versatility. like another reviewer said, you can dress it up with heels, or dress it down with boots.	Dresses
I almost did not buy this dress because of the poly/rayon construction but i saw some sweet styling on instagram that got me hooked. the dress is silky soft and a bit oversized as i purchased the smallest of my size range. looks very swingy and free spirited when worn loose. cinch the string tie or add a wide belt for a defined waist and beautiful full skirt. i have many outfits in mind for this perfect fall dress, i'm excited to start wearing it! my weight has been fluctuating, so right now i'm	Dresses
This beautiful dress is the perfect style for fall. when i first picked this up, i was surprised by how heavy it felt. there is so much embroidery i thought the dress was lined with another layer. however, the fabric is not stiff. there are numerous exquisite details including a button up bodice, additional embroidery on the skirt and ladder lace on the sleeves. i sized up to l because of my heavy back/shoulders/upper arms. sizing up does make the bodice of the dress look a tad wider but n	Dresses
This dress is truly a no brainer purchase! it is a stunning dress with gorgeous embroidery, beading and the color is just perfect for fall! i am only 5'2 and i went with the regular size since i don't like to go too short. that said, you can totally rock this dress with leggings and boots if it is too short. i weigh 103 lbs and i am normally an xxs but i'm glad i went with the xs since it would have been too tight at the top and should even be slightly loose fitting on the bottom. love everyth	Dresses
Just be prepared: this is huge! i looked hilarious in my normal 00p. this was in store, luckily, the the excellent personal stylist warned me. i also don't think the colors are as good in person - bit dull. if it fits you, it could be nice.	Dresses
This dress hit my waist in a weird spot and was too short. i would not have felt comfortable bending over. it was a tad too full which wasn't flattering either.i really wanted to love it bc they design is adorable.i need to return it!!	Dresses
Super cute but the fabric was so thin & flimsy i was afraid it would fall apart once it was washed so returned it.	Knits
This does run big but because it is cotton, it easily shrinks in the dryer. i love it! i do wish the color was more saturated/deeper.	Knits
This definitely runs a little large, but i love this tee. i actually went back and bought it in a second color. it's perfect to throw on with shorts this summer.	Knits
I loved it but can understand the mixed reviews. i am 5'7" and a size 2-4 usually. 32d. you need to be on the tall side for it to work. definitely will not work if you are petite. i can also see if you have a fuller chest how it would tent and look like a maternity top. i have that happen with off the shoulder styles. that said, if it works, it is great. i didn't size down went with s) because the xs didn't hang well. it was too short at the shoulders and neckline. again, probably need to be in	Knits
I am in love with this dress. the colors are amazing but also is the fabric. it is soft and supple. i am a curvy girl and this dress does all justice to my bust, waist, and hips. this is truly an amazing dress. you can dress it up or dress it down and the best part it is professional enough for a causal office look.	Dresses
Love this top! bought the navy to be a cool matching momma for my kiddos baseball and loved it! bought the light pink and red too! fun off the shoulder tee... love how long it is in the back... one thing i will say is that one of the colors fits slightly different like the hem isn't symmetrical or something so i find myself readjusting but i'm sure i'm the only one who notices it... and it doesn't keep me from wearing it and loving it!!!	Knits
Soft very forgiving and flattering top, wish it was not so pricey	Knits
I am normally a medium and i would take an xs in this top - i actually tried a m, s and xs and the xs fit but was still big. yes, this is supposed to be a loose draped piece, but for me, i didn't want it to make me look like i was huge through the waist line. the red is really pretty, the white is see thru.	Knits
Cute style, flowy fabric. it runs big i purchased a medium and could've definitely gotten a small.	Knits
This is a nice light top for the summer. i love how your shoulders peak out from tee, which gives it a touch of of sexiness. it does run large so i went down a size. i haven't washed it yet so don't know if it will shrink. i do recommend it though.	Knits
There is no possible bra to wear with this top. after one washing the neck felt funky. the pink color is very light. it's long enough for leggings. my shirt is a high hemline on one side than the other. i'll wear it but wish the neck wasn't so funky.	Knits
This is cute with the shoulder detail. i ordered a medium- will be returning for a small. i'm kind of in between small & medium.	Knits
I love the off the shoulder tee so much that i ordered two of them in different colors. i can wear them with jeans or i can wear them with gym attire while out running errands and still feel like i look nice!	Knits
Love this dress! adorable, comfortable and figure flattering! cant go wrong with this purchase!	Dresses
I agree with other reviewers that this top runs large - i'm glad i ordered a size down. it's a cute twist on a basic tee shirt.	Knits
I tried this on in the store because i have had my eye on it for a while and i want to be sure i get the correct size. as other reviewers have said, it does run large. i normally wear a s and the xs was big on me. i could go with the xxs, but of course it appears to be sold out now. the lighter colors look like they would be slightly sheer, but the navy blue and red are not. i thought the material was good quality. not sure if it would shrink. top is rather long on the back, but the picture does	Knits
I'm 5' 3", 115 pounds, and bought the xs in white. i actually wear this as a bathing suit cover-up instead of a top. i love that it's little longer in the back so it covers part of the back of my thighs. it's light weight, cool and comfortable. it is thin but has washed well with no pilling or holes so far. i've worn this several times and have had lots of compliments.	Knits
So cute and a must have. took my normal p6 and fits perfect! love it	Dresses
I was quite excited to find this tee in the store. the design looked interesting and it seemed nice on the mannequin. the bright red color really stood out in person. i am 5'2", 34b, tried on my usual size s and it was humongous! although the sales lady found a size xs (they don't have size xxs available in the store) for me to try on, it was still huge like a tent. it probably would fit better for a tall body figure. i would recommend those who are interested in this tee to try it in the store,	Knits
I have been watching this dress online since it arrived, finally decided to order it online. it is as great in person as it looks on the website. the fabric, cut and finishing of the dress are high quality and my usual size 10 fits great. it falls about 3" above the knee on my 5'5" frame which is a little short for the office, but i could do it on a friday with a cardigan. the fit is comfortable and flattering for a gal with broad shoulders and small curves. when i tried it on friends raved. thi	Dresses
Runs a little big, but super comfortable and looks great with jeans slightly tucked in.	Knits
I tried this top on in-store in red and lavender. i love it! yes, it is big, but it is still really cute. if you are between sizes, go down a size. i am 5'5" 34b and went with an xs in the red. it appears to fit in the front but looks larger in the back, which i think the other reviewer was getting at.	Knits
I wanted to love this shirt but it quickly lost shape and a hole was created in the middle of the shirt after just a few washes. not worth the price. poorly made. you need to wear a shirt underneath bc it is so thin. the shirt looks better int he picture. i like it but it wears terribly.	Knits
I bought this in an extra small at a store in the lilac color and loved it so much i ordered a white one online 2 days later. they were out of extra sm so i ordered a small which is still ok as it looks cute being on the big flowy side with my jeans. i normally wear a medium in tops. i've received many compliments on these... they are very figure flattering and it's nice they are a little sexy for a loose top because of the open shoulders. i hope they come out with more colors for summer because	Knits
This is really cute online, but is not fantastic on or in person. this is a top that i may be returning. i love the open shoulder, but the material is very thin, and the top runs large. it also hangs really low in the back which i am not a huge fan of.	Knits
I love this brand and their different styles of tshirts. extremely soft, washes well and wears well! the shirt runs a bit large and i usually wear a medium, but in this brand i am a extra small or small.	Knits
I bought this top in black n moss. they are of a great quality n love that u don't need a cami under. i do like them very much except that they're a lil too billowy in front for me. when i gathered excess material on the sides it looked much better. the black didn't look as large...black is slimming. i love the neck and the material. haven't decided yet if i'm keeping or returning.	Knits
I love this tee, i own it and wear it nearly every other day in black and purple solids and ordered 2 of the prints. wish that the purple/gray floral print would restock since it sold out before i could purchase it. only possible negative is that i am careful not to tumble dry it due to other reviews of its vulnerability to tears or holes. so i hang it up to dry after machine washing. i read that it runs a bit large so i ordered and am thrilled with my medium.	Knits
This is better than the original tla t shirts from last summer. better quality/not sheer. great fit! i bought both the white and the purple. love tla tees!	Knits
This is an oversized tee with a somewhat flattering fit. material is very thin. i ordered white, which was completely see-through. not at all what i was expecting. might work better in a darker color, but i returned it since it was nothing special.	Knits
Purchased the xs blue. love the fit and light material. perfect casual tee for warm weather. no shrinkage after washing in cold water and minimal wrinkles when hung immediately.	Knits
T la is such a great brand for t shirts! this one is so soft and comfy and the yellow color is a great neutral yellow.	Knits
I bought this tee in most of the colors available. that's how much i liked it. it's not tissue thin; it's a good medium weight. it does't hug the body too closely. i am 5'4 and 140 lbs with a little post partum belly and this is a really flattering tee in m.	Knits
Love the shirt! the green is such a vibrant color and it fits great!	Knits
My v-shape figure (broad shoulder, narrow hips, waist not well defined) looked completely square in this. not flattering at all. perhaps better for other figures.	Dresses
Easy, breezy comfortable light weight tee	Knits
Incredibly soft, great to dress up or dress down. i must have summer tee.	Knits
I picked up this tee in store, where they had a pattern that isn't pictured here (purple floral on a grey background). this is a loose fitting tee, and usually the loose fitting tees i try on at retailer are really unflattering- however, this one fits great and is flattering. the fabric is wrinkle resistant and comfortable. this top will definitely be a staple of my spring and summer wardrobe! considering ordering in other colors.for reference, i'm 5'5 145lbs, 38-30-40 measurements, 34ddd	Knits
A perfect basic tee!loved how soft it is. not worth full price, but definitely one to add to your cart once on sale.	Knits
I've never bought a tee at full price, in so many colors. i love this tee.it's quite possibly the most perfect fit ever. the material is thick and hangs well without being stiff or bulky. i'm 5'2 -117lbs usually a small petite or 4p but purchased the regular small so i can wear this with skinny or regular jeans. i purchased the purple, navy and black and may go back for the yellow. the white is still a little too sheer fir me otherwise i would have purchased it. wish they had a light grey versio	Knits
I love these t.la tees, and i buy them often. i find them to be very versatile and super soft. i have several colors and they hold up well if you wash and hang dry. i am a small in most retailer tops and these are no exception. they wear well under jean jackets or even a long-sleeve button-down shirt.	Knits
I got this in the color listed as pink. it's not a usual pink. the fit is good--not too tight and not too loose. the length is good for a tee.	Knits
I'm a petite so as usual i have to order from retailer. i saw this on line and tried it on in a regular size in the store. even though of course it didnt fit, the style of the tee was nice so i ordered it. i couldnt have been more disappointed when i received it. the quality was truly awful. i'm not even sure why it is being sold. the neckline was warped and wouldn't lie flat again the neck or chest; the bottom hem was crooked. it was really bad. also having purchased tees in similar material befo	Knits
I ordered the white tee in xs and am returning it. it runs tts & had a good fit but i didn't like the material at all. maybe because it was white, but it was see through & like a tissue tee that i would expect to get little holes in it near the waist. the sleeves are gathered in the center of the sleeve & i didn't like the way that looked.	Knits
I love this t-shirt! it is so soft, fits true to size and great with jeans or shorts. i purchased in yellow and plan to purchase other colors!	Knits
I ordered these tees in the navy and pink thinking that it would be a slam dunk given i already bought 3 of the same tees last year. not so. this year's version is much bigger - almost 2 inches wider and about 2 inches longer. there was even a 2 inch difference between the pink and navy version so i have to assume that sizing may vary among different colors. too bad for me - but i did read a review that thought the tees were better this year. i guess we are all different. at 5'7", 115lbs i prefe	Knits
I bought this dress in a regular xs. i am 5'3" and 108 pounds. i have a long torso so the regular would fit better than the petite. although the overall fit of the dress was good, the straps could have had about an inch taken out and the pockets gaped open! in the photo, the mode's arms are laying over where the pockets would be, which fall on the seam and when i tried this on, the dress fit beautifully but the pockets gape open on the sides and it looks like little wings from the front. the dre	Dresses
I get nervous ordering clothes online but that was my only option for this dress. i love everything about this dress and i love the pockets.	Dresses
As the previous reviewer mentioned, the pockets ruin this dress. pockets, usually such a good idea! but here they're misplaced (right on the hips) and made of the same thick ponte fabric as the dress, so they stand out far from the body and completely ruin the line of the dress... not flattering to have huge gaping hip pockets. this makes an otherwise good dress a total loss.	Dresses
The fabric and color of this dress is beautiful. two problems with the dress that the picture does not show. 1. it's long. i'm 5'5". this model must be over 6 feet tall as the length hit 5 inches above my ankle and that is not a flattering length. the other issue is that there is toile underneath making the skirt extra puffy. i'm 42 and the puffiness reminded me of prom. color and fabric great. but had to send back.	Dresses
I wanted to really love this because it's a bit more styled than a plain tank, but the front and back both poof out and i felt like i was wearing a maternity top. just didn't do my body any justice....loved the top and that part fit great, but the bottom part was too poofy and sadly not a good look at all on me.	Knits
I ordered the xl in white. for fit, it's true to size. it matches the model's photos. it's a comfortable top. the shape is good with the pleating. but, the color is definitely off. it's as if the white fabric was pre-washed with navy. it's not the fresh, crisp white shown, at least for the one i received. the quality of the material is basic. the black version might be the better one overall. i'm going to exchange the white one i have to give that a try. overall, i don't think it's worth ful	Knits
This is a great swingy tank for summer and the smocking adds a nice design element to an otherwise plain white top. i typically wear a l, sometimes xl in tops from retailer, but the l in this is pretty loose - i am hoping it will shrink down quite a bit in the wash. otherwise i really love the top, and now that it's on sale, the price is definitely right! i wish the black one was still available!	Knits
This tank is well made and the top part is doubled (partially) so you can get away without wearing a bra (if you wish). i'm 5'1 and tried on the standard xs in store because xxs was not available. it was a little bit longer on me than on the model pictured. the pin-tucked area fit well, not too tight or loose and the bottom part was flowy which i don't mind. i expect this top to shrink in the wash a tad which would make it perfect for me. i opted for the white vs. the black because i love the pi	Knits
I bought this top in the black with the dobby 4" shorts in grey and wore them as a set 2 of the 3 days last weekend.mind you, i am tall, but the neckline is lovely, the smocking creates a nice close drape, and the length and the fullness in the bottom, perfectly offset the short-short concept. got lots of compliments with the 2. i generally wear a 12 and ordered a medium which was fit nicely with enough room for a wash and dry going forward	Knits
Hi, i bought this top for my daughter. she absolutely loves it. the fabric is very substantial. it flows really nice. if i was younger i would buy one for myself. lol	Knits
I ordered this in black in a medium. i've ordered several deletta tops before and the mediums fit great but in this top i think i could have done a small. i don't want to hassle with returning it tho and it should work fine.	Knits
Fabric quality is good, pattern is pretty in person. very comfortable! i'm not sure if it's because i have an ample chest, but unfortunately it looked like a maternity shirt on me. it looks good from the front, but from other angles it looked bulky. i tried in both white and black, and i think the white looks better?the smocked top is more visible.	Knits
I bought this tank on a whim without trying it on in the store, in black. the detail on the front is cute and the peplum is really cute without being frumpy at all. i am usually a small, ocassionally a medium in retailer shirts and i bought this in small. it fits but i feel like i could have gone up to a medium, it's just a little tight across the chest, but i do have more broad shoulders than most so maybe it's just because of that. the fabric is nice and stretchy, so i might be able to get away	Knits
I love the simplicity and modernity of this tunic; however, the pockets ruin it, if that's possible. they make the dress bulky around the hips. i usually wear an 8 or medium and i ordered this dress in a medium. i think this brand runs a little small. the bulky pocket issue may be solved with a larger size. the weight of the fabric is a little heavy which prevents year-round wear. i love the subtle texture. one odd thing, the tag is attached to the stand-up collar. i had my hair up when i tried	Dresses
I tried this dress in my usual size 4. the slip underneath was a big snug but the dress was fine. i sort of looked like a little girl in this dress. it is very pretty but more for the younger girls~not for the over 50 group.	Dresses
This dress is really lovely in person. the fit was perfect and the length not too short. for reference, i'm very busty at 38f and the dress actually fit! (i'm an xl usually, and the fit was tts) the only thing i'm not crazy about is the slip, it's more of a flesh toned color. i'll probably swap it out for a white one please make more like these, retailer!	Dresses
First let me say i love the fabric and the pattern of the blue dress. but the fit is extremely loose. they could take out an entire 12 inches of material and it would still be a swing dress. the photo of the back of the model, where the blue dress goes in to her waist is not at all accurate. if it was, i would love this dress. the photo of the model wearing the other color is how the dress actually hangs - straight down from the underarms and then bigger as it goes toward the hemline. i am 5'7"	Dresses
This is such a beautiful dress. fell in love with it at first sight. it is very pretty. can be dressed up or down .. comes with an attached slip that is a tad longer than the dress and it shows on the bottom.. darling dress that will get lots of use this summer.	Dresses
As in super comfortable and a joy to wear. i saw it online and then went to the store to try it on. the moment i put it on i knew it was for me. i missed out on getting it in the other color. i hope you get more in other colors!	Dresses
After seeing an influx of this dress in my instagram feed i decided to go ahead and purchase it last weekend. i'm usually leery with the length of swing dresses, for instance the endora swing dress (paper crown) is a touch too short for my taste in petite sizing. either way, i decided to go ahead and purchase this dress in petite considering no previous reviews mentioned the length of the dress to be an issue. typically, i take a size 0 or xs in retailer clothing. i ordered a size 0 petite and	Dresses
So this dress is absolutely gorgeous! my problem is i am 5'10" and it is very short wasted. between the shoulders and waist and even the arm holes it just plain doesn't work. i think if you are taller this dress just won't work. i have purchased other items from this name brand and have had the same problem.	Dresses
I just bought this pretty dress at my local retailer after finally deciding to go in the store to try it on. once i saw it on display in the window in the lilac, i already knew i was going to try that one on and take it home though i really love both colors and prints. the dress fit me tts (sz 6, 34d-27-35) and looks absolutely adorable on! it's super soft, light weight but not so much that you don't feel it's worth the price and the design reminds me of the retailer i love. it has a wonderful vinta	Dresses
Loved the style and color/design but this dress was simply too short in the front. the slip was also slightly tight over hips. i wish this was longer!	Dresses
Tried this is my normal 4, and it fits exactly as shown. i can see how this could give issues to someone with any curves because the lining is definitely more fitted than the loose overlay, especially in the bust and hips. i found the quality to be very nice, length was slightly above the knee on my 5'7" frame so it feels work-appropriate. my only wish is that the colors/pattern could transition better to multiple seasons. it definitely feels very springy and not much else.	Dresses
This dress is really nice and lightweight. the slip is snug so the outer part floats nicely. but..it adds a bit too much volume if you have a lot of curves. it disguises in a way but also is a bit less flattering. i really wanted to like it because it's so breezy but a tad matronly on me.	Dresses
Definitely shorter than expected, but a super light, airy, and comfy dress for summer nights. a must for summer dinner parties!!!	Dresses
I love this dress (from the moment i saw it online), and now that it is on sale, i ordered it (green). i do wish the flesh color was a little more pink, love the color in person, but not as flattering on my pale skin (i ordered a different similar dress in teal and purple, that oclor was better).so, fit: like a glove: i am dd, in waist, lbs short = 0p. length was sexy, and overall great flattering fit. similarly to other dress, i wanted the length of this one, however. nice slightly above th	Dresses
Lovely, flowing dress w a boho vibe. pretty design and fabric. agree w comments re stiff slip fabric but will keep it anyway. should be a great summer dress	Dresses
Seeking the perfect "go-to" dress? this one will work for day or night, and it's an ideal match for transition seasons. the best part? the cut. swing dresses and shifts can "tent" my slightly "top-heavy" frame. this dress brags a side-zipper and slight tapering through waist to create an a-line. the small petite fits tts for me at 5'4 size 2 to 4. the fabric is a high-quality, textured fabric - wrinkle free, and a great pick for travel. best investment i've made this spring.	Dresses
I loved this dress especially because each flower appliqu was so beautiful. however, each attached to one another by single threads. given that i wear lots of rings, i could already tell that i might snag these beautiful flowers. additionally, the appliqus are sewn so close to the back zipper that some of the flowers were already getting damaged from the dress being tried on. overall, if you are very careful, this is an amazing dress, but i did return it because of its delicate nature.	Dresses
Pale pink is a hard color to find these days. very happy with this purchase,this dress is sweet, and a perfect transition piece from summer to fall in socal.i have a number of maeve dresses and they are all oversized, so the 2 fit as expected. i'm normally a 4 in every other brand.it can easily be worn with flats or wedges, or i imagine booties as the weather cools.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the lilac at the store and loved it immediately! the picture on the website does not do it justice.	Dresses
Beautiful and very versatile dress. extremely forgiving for post baby bodies, while stylish and classy.	Dresses
I'm 4'10 and 105lbs..32c and hippy...i ordered the 00p and 0p.. bc i'm curvy the bigger size was better but the fit was just okay..couldn't justify the price. it's a beautiful dress in the green color. the zipper is difficult to get down and worries me that it would break.. but if it fit i would've overlooked it.. the major reason for returning is the slit was so high my butt cheeks were exposed if you lifted it... i would've had to have it sewn shut.	Dresses
After seeing this dress online i wanted to try it on and was not disappointed when i did. even though the coral color dress of the same style was pretty it wasn't the right color for me. i absolutely love the blue and white dress! i usually wear a size 8 but found the 6 was more flattering. i'm 5'2" and the length was perfect - above the knee but not too high. love it!	Dresses
I love this dress. it is the kind of dress that i dream about. the feel is young and carefree. typically i love swing dresses on the tall thin models pictured but when i try them on i simply look frumpy. this dress is an exception. i have the lilac version and the fabric color and pattern enhance the boho pixie fairy aesthetic. for reference i am 5'4" 122 lbs...average build a little busty 34dd. only the 6 was in stock so that is the size i ordered even though i wanted to try the 4. the 6 has en	Dresses
This dress is adorable! it fits loose and is not at all fitted, with the exception of the under cami lining. the picture showing front and back is being pulled to fit. :/ it fits like the model wearing the purple. my local store was out of my normal size so i sized up which really made no difference at all. the biggest difference would be the under cami. the dress is flowy and airy. one of the best casual dresses retailer has had in a long time. obviously, the blue is sold out till may. this can b	Dresses
I was bummed about this dress! i saw it online and loved both colors. i tried it on in the store, and it did not work for me. i am 5'8" tall with an hourglass figure, and it was too shot and too loose. it looked like a babydoll nightgown. i wanted to love it, but i think this one only works on smaller frames. onto the next...	Dresses
I am quite happy with this dress! i was wondering what the colors would look like in person, and i'm happy to report that the skirt is a nice mellow orange-coral. beautiful detail in the patterns used here, and i always like a dress that has great color-play close up and far away. for reference, i am a size 16, full figured, with a 40 c bust, and the size 16 was just right for me. sometimes with maeve dresses you can size down, but there is no stretch to the dress, or the slip, so that is someth	Dresses
Sometimes i feel like i have to try on the dresses that sell out super fast, just out of curiosity. and sometimes, they're surprise hits, like this one. i tried on the purple/black/blue option, and i had to have it. it is boxy through the torso, but the length keeps it from being too cutesy--it's pretty short. i'm just 5'5", and i'm not sure this is work appropriate without tights. i may have to try, though, as otherwise it's a great workable dress for summer--not too tight or revealing in the b	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress!! i bought it in the blue , the brown and the pink colors.. it is incredibly flattering. the one interesting thing that i found is that the pink dress seemed to run smaller than the other colors. so happy with the style and i have gotten so many compliments when i where them :)	Dresses
It is a beautiful dress, light and delicate. i got my usual xsmall ( 5'4" 34c, 134 lbs). it comes with a slip and the slip is a bit fitted. it worked for me, but i can see this being an issue. it can easily be resolved with any other ivory or nude slip. it is worth it. very cute dress.	Dresses
I bought this dress for a fall wedding and upon receiving it was very impressed with the quality of lace and the color. however upon trying it on the seam up the back was slit so high that my undies were visible. i would like to assume that the dress that i received was defective... it didn't really make sense given that the length of the dress was appropriate, i did not have time for a return so i had the seam completed. after that alteration (on my own dime) i was very happy with the dress and	Dresses
Pretty, easy-to-wear dress. loose fitting. i am typically a size 4, size 4 fit, but i might have been able to go to a size 2 if i wanted it to be more fitted at the chest/arms.	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the red color. overall quality is excellent. the zipper was a little hard to work because the lace kept getting caught in it. the neckline was also too high. i'm 5'1" and 107lbs. the dress fit perfectly. there is was too much nude fabric showing through the dress. i feel that this dress isn't versatile. to me this is somethings that would be great for weddings or bridal/baby showers. due to the lack of versatility and the fact that i wasn't in love with it, i returned	Dresses
This shirt is unflattering and boxy. it does not look cute at all on me. i am returning.	Knits
The fit on this dress is super flattering! i am not normally able to wear a sheath but i felt great in this one. i am definitely a pear shape, bigger on the bottom than the top. one of the things i really love about this dress is that the size that fits me through the hips fits me on top. this is not often the case. i am not sure how this would work on someone with a large bust or an apple body type but i felt great in it. i also love the colors. i bought the green and blue. i have worn it once	Dresses
I really was excited to get this dress. the design is great. very nice quality. it does seem to run small on me in the booty/belly area. that or it is just tighter than my liking. overall it is a nice dress. i plan to get a mint cardigan to top it off and a thin cognac leather belt.	Dresses
Dress cut was great, but the collar was so oblong that it looked space-age.	Dresses
To be honest, i bought this dress as a ride-along so i would meet a free shipping minimum in order to purchase the dress i really wanted. i wound up keeping this dress and returning the one i originally wanted. it's pretty, flowy, feminine. i even like the uneven-ish hemline, which normally doesn't appeal to me. it runs a bit large--you might want to size down. i got it in the black and tan...even though it's got short sleeves and is sort of summery, it will make a good transition piece to fall	Dresses
I was so excited to receive this dress! it even has embroidered loops on the hem of the slip underneath which was such a cute detail. it's very pretty on. that being said, i ordered a size 4 which fit me perfectly (150 lbs) but ladies, i do not mean this in any way but in my personal opinion, my arms are out of shape. not toned and flabby. the sleeves on this dress will not do you any justice. it will make your arms look worse because of the shape of the sleeve. so keep that in consideration if	Dresses
This dress makes you feel like a little kid. it certainly helps that it is an excellent twirling dress, for sure. i wish it had a little more definition to the waist--it just barely works for larger chested women, definitely on the line from being a little too baby doll shapeless. the colors are so beautiful and the fabric so light that it's hard to pass this one up. it's just too beautiful. i recommend it, but it's probably not for everyone.	Dresses
This material is a nice quality but the shirt is boxy and shapeless. it was not flattering at all on my shape. i don't think it would look nice on anyone with an hourglass shape or fuller chest.	Knits
This is a gorgeous lace dress, well made, true to size. a little tight in the neck but not unbearable. lovely for any occasion. i got this to wear to a fancy wedding, it will be my go to dress for fancy occasions.	Dresses
Like others, i was drawn to the collar, fabric and overall look to it....________pros:- thicker fabric so it hides lumps and bumps well.- collar is so classy, but i am drawn to anything with a collar.- pockets are a nice touch._______cons:- thicker fabric and polyester = got hot rather quickly in it.- runs a tad small if you have hips. there was only a medium at the store to try on and it fit everywhere but the hips; it just didn't flare out much for me being hourglass. a large	Dresses
I wasn't sure about the dress on the rack. lace can either look amazing or make you look like a doily. it was on sale so i figured why not? let's try it on. it is gorgeous on. true to size. i am usually a 0 and the 0 fits me perfectly. the quality and tailoring is amazing. it is a heavier dress with the lace and lining so it may not work on a super hot day. overall, i love the fit and quality of the dress. i love it even more on sale!	Dresses
This dress is absolute perfection. the quality of the dress is great, the fit is comfortable and it's such a fun summer dress. the slip underneath fits perfectly the outer layer is delicate yet durable.	Dresses
I tried this dress on at my local store and was very disappointed in the slip portion of this dress. there is no give with the slip so even though the dress portion is quite flowy the slip prevents anyone with a large chest or hips to wear this dress.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store in the coral color and tried it on. i am 5'4", 34b, and slender to athletic build. i wear the size 2 in this dress. as far as sizes go for retailer, i would say it is tts. the slip fits like it should and the dress is flowing. it is not see through as were some of the other silk dresses this summer. it feels so comfortable and makes me feel pretty. it is a flowing dress and meant to fit that way. i waited for it to go on sale and the day it did i purchased it!!!	Dresses
This dress is really sweet and flows well. i love the fabric, and the colors are soft. this dress is perfect for hot summ days and is so comfortable. you could dress it up with fun sandals or simple wear flip flops. i love how the seam around the bodice drops lower in the back, it's very flattering. i bought a small.	Dresses
This cute dress highlights some trouble spots and emphasizes good parts too, so i'm happy but not ecstatic. for myself, the sleeves are tight and so is the fit across the back and shoulders. sizing up makes the voluminous skirt overwhelming. the skirt is already a lot to handle in my regular size. the good part is the pattern, swingy silhouette and it covers my tummy. i have thick arms, wide bust, round back and meaty shoulders. 140# 5'3" 36d and purchased size 10.	Dresses
I fell in love with the dress when i saw it but i was worried about a few things before ordering it. one comment mentioned that the slip underneath was tight in the hips, yet as a size 30 in pants the slip was still fine. the other concern was the length. i was worried that the dress would be very short compared to my height, however, it was a good length in the front and the back was came down longer than the front which helped the overall length. overall, i ordered a size 6 and it fit well in	Dresses
Comfortable and true to size. it fits more fitted on the top and very swingy/flowy on the bottom. i got a petite and the length was perfect. if you like to wear very high heels you may want to go with a regular as its a tad short.	Dresses
In the store i was immediately drawn to the blue/white combination, but on the opposite side of the rack hung the spring colored one, which i ultimately tried on. it was obvious that the dress was a bit oversized, so i chose the smaller of my two dress sizes (10) to try on. this was the right choice, but it was still really big. i am not sure that i could have gone down another size (mostly i wear a 12 in dresses that are fitted), due to my bust (36c) and broad back/shoulders. from the front, th	Dresses
This dress is extremely feminine. the liner is the unsung hero here: it's cleverly designed to be fitted because on a windy day and the dress flies up, it's a saving grace; it has snap buttons and can be detached, the fabric is opaque so the dress is not see-through. the fabric of the dress is sheer, soft and smooth, and i thought it was silk until i read the tag which listed as viscose. the details of this dress is breathtaking, from the flower design (check out the bottom horizontal lines of t	Dresses
Saw this dress in the blue motif and thought it would be perfect for a summer outdoor wedding. i'm 5'4" 125 lbs and ordered a size 2. it fit true to size in the shoulders, bust and length, but did not fit as pictured on the site; it looks in the pictures like there is some shape to the waistline without being too fitted, which i like. on me there was absolutely no shape. it just billowed and looked really maternity. 15 bucks for alterations to take in the sides and now it's my favorite darn thin	Dresses
Such a cute dress it was just way too big in the back of the dress, too much fabric, it just hung withno form around waist. it appeared more fitted on the model than the one i received. dress was quitea bit longer in the back so i felt like the front was riding up just in the minutes of trying it on. sadly i have to return it. it did come with an underneath slip which was necessary as the fabric was verythin.recommend with caution to sizing.	Dresses
I wasn't sure about this dress because some of retailer's cloths can make a women appear older before her time. i have to say that is not the case with this dress. i ordered it with the green and mint patterns in my normal size 2. this dress could not have been more beautiful on. i'm 5'6 115lbs and it fit perfect. the colors really compliment my dark hair and fair skin. i won't even need sunless tanner. i highly recommend this dress and placed the designer on my list to try out again.	Dresses
This dress is to die for. it's exactly as pictured, beautiful quality and extremely flattering. all the lace and lining make it a slightly heavier dress - i can imagine it getting really warm after a while in the summer sun. but it would absolutely be worth the bit of sweat to wear this gorgeous dress.	Dresses
I was uncertain about purchasing this dress. wow so glad that i did. i'm 5'5" and 138lbs. i can wear a small or medium so i ordered both. the small was plenty big enough. wore it to a family event and received numerous compliments. so different from anything else and classy with the longer length. thanks for a great dress! i hope that it cleans well!	Dresses
This dress is so cute and comfortable. i'm normally a 0 or 2 and the xs is plenty roomy even though this is a clingy knit. the nice cotton under slip hides all the bumps and bulges. only worry is whether or not the loose weave will pick and how it will clean but so far i am thrilled.	Dresses
While i wouldn't normally look at this piece, the price was unbeatable. i was even more impressed when it arrived and i tried it on! the design is reminiscent of an old time patchwork quilt fairy tale- more beautiful in person than in the pic. the covered buttons at the neck and wrists are just lovely and feminine, and the dress falls and flows around me in a fun and flirty way. i paired it with charcoal heather tights and dark gray booties- super cute! you won't regret it.	Dresses
I wasn't sure if this dress would hang correctly on me and make me look shapeless but i'm so happy with it! the fabric is so comfortable and the tie in the back really helps draw it in so my waist is defined. the length is great and it's super comfortable but looks polished!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and surprisingly flattering. i never would've picked this up for myself, but i'm so glad i did. it's also super comfortable.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress. the pattern is so much prettier in person. i typically wear a medium, sometimes a large in tops. the medium in this dress was too tight in my chest; the large fit my chest but was ridiculously large in other areas. the front of the dress goes up pretty high (for someone with a large chest) and flows down. there is a tie in the back but it doesn't do much to help with the shape in the front.	Dresses
I'm a fan of yumi kim dresses and consistently wear size small. so, i ordered this in a small, and the top was a little loose, but it was way too short. there's no way i would feel comfortable wearing this in public. i'm 5'7", and the hem was higher than mid-thigh on me. the waist is also billowy and has no defined shape.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful! i normally do not order online because i am so picky with how clothes fit. i am 5'4 and 138 lbs. i recently had a baby, so i am self conscious about my tummy area still. this dress fits great and looks great on! it's sort of "a" shaped, but very flattering and still gives you a good overall shape. the colors are a redish orange, navy and creamish white. i'm having to exchange it at the moment because it came in missing both buttons on each sleeve. the buttons are necessa	Dresses
As soon as i saw this dress, i knew i wanted it. it looked perfect for travel and just comfy as can be. now, i usually wear a large, so i ordered one and patiently waited for it's arrival. however, when i tried it on, it was too big and the button on the sleeve popped off! i would recommend giving the buttons a little extra support if you can. i purchased a medium and it fits perfectly. this dress is one that will work year round for a variety of events and occasions.	Dresses
This dress was so lovely in person, but when i put it on...ooh la la! it is short! i am 5' 3" and i would not walk outside in this dress without something underneath. it just needed one more tier and i would have kept it for sure. too bad!	Dresses
Beautiful dress but i had to returned because the size large was a little big	Dresses
I am 5'8" 140 lbs and the m fits perfectly. it is flowy and feminine but the tie in the back keeps it from looking boxy. pattern is really nice. great dress!	Dresses
This dress is amazing! it's perfect for a casual family or friend get together, or a fall dress with boots. the back ties to make it more flattering than just a shift dress. quality of the dress is great, and the material is very versatile.	Dresses
Beautiful dress! love the colors and fit. can be dressed up or down. the only negative is that the buttons fall off. this is my third dress and it too lost a button the first time i wore it. i don't live near an retailer store so i will be keeping it anyways, as this is already my third dress :( my advice would be to reinforce the three buttons as soon as you buy it. there is one at the top, front of the dress and one on each sleeve.	Dresses
This dress is very pretty. i love it! people are not kidding about the buttons! i was prepared to reinforce them after it arrived. unfortunately, both buttons at the wrists were missing and they were not in the bag. it was on sale so i'm guessing they were lost before shipping. i love the dress enough to keep it. it will not be that big of a deal to replace them. besides the buttons, the dress is a very nice quality. it is lined and has a nice weight to it. i'm obsessed with rifle paper co. so i	Dresses
The fabric pattern is darling. i wore it in amsterdam and was told it looks like a traditional folk pattern. the dress is lightweight and is loose at the waist. sometimes i add a belt to cinch it in.like another reviewer said, the buttons do pop off easily. i lost one at the cuff on the first day i wore the dress.	Dresses
I agree with the other two reviews that this shirt runs large, or something? ! i ordered an xs, my usual size, xs-s. the body of the shirt is very loose, the upper arms are a bit snug, and i don't have large arms. the shoulder seams are in a very strange place, but when you look at the model, it doesn't look so bad. with the shirt i received, and another reviewer, the seam was puffy, making for a strange look. in theory, the shirt should have worked, but didn't. i loved the pattern, not the fit.	Knits
I had high hopes for this cute top but it runs very short. it is not as long as it appears on the model so it looked odd when i put it on. unfortunately it had to go back. bummer cuz it was very cute in the pix!	Knits
I really wanted to love this shirt. the snowflake and stripe design is really cute, and the fabric is of nice quality. it's a very loose fit, which i would've been willing to work with, but... as mentioned in previous reviews, the shoulder seam rests in an odd place on your upper arm, and there are little bumps in the fabric on the arms that appear similar to what happens if you leave a shirt on a wire hanger too long. it looks like you have nubby little wings coming out of your arms. not attrac	Knits
I fell in love with the color and peplum design of this top online, and decided to order it. the fabric is soft, but strong, and the color is just as pictured. perfect for a casual shopping day or lunch date out with friends.	Knits
I absolutely adore this shirt, it is such a comfortable material and goes great with a pair of jeans! i love how it fits tightly in the sleeves and flows out at the bottom just the right amount. i highly recommend adding this to your wardrobe.	Knits
Super comfy cotton top, will be great for hot summer days when my shoulders have had enough sun!	Knits
Think price convinced me to put this in my bag ... the oops of on line shopping i guess. the strip and 'stitch' like snowflake is just not me. a little too "cutesy' for me. if strip alone might have kept .. but this is just too much, not my style .. back it goes.	Knits
This top runs huge. not only in the torso/chest area but the sleeves on this were enormous and the shoulder area was very puffy. i am normally between a m-l but would have to get a small or extra small to make it work.	Knits
Love this top! the length is perfect and it is very stylish! hope it will come in other colors because i would buy more!!	Knits
This dress is so flattering and just beautiful in person. love it!	Dresses
I'm an employee and bought this top today. i'm so happy i ended up buying it on a whim! it's adorable and super comfy! it's perfect for those jeans and a tee day! i can't wait to wear it to work. the color is gorgeous and the peplum adds a feminine detail without being too puffy...in love!	Knits
I liked this as soon as i saw it. the cross stitch embroidery on the front adds a lot to the usual striped top. the fir is good, not too right or lose. i took a size medium, which was good for my 5' 140 lb frame. the 100% cotton was a plus for me, also. the thing i like the post about retailer is the uniqueness of the clothing. i don't feel like i see myself all over town.	Knits
It was ok. very swingy and lots of fabric at the bottom. the pocket seemed to not sit in the right spot like it was too far over and i wanted to keep adjusting the position of the shirt. i might buy it on sale but i sent it back bc it's definitely not worth $60.	Knits
Bought in white. it has a ribbed detail that makes ir only for casual wear. the white is pretty sheer. will return.	Knits
Although this shirt runs a little large, the snowflske and stripes makes it a classic. very comfortable shirt.	Knits
I love the look and quality of this shirt, but far too large!! i got a large because i prefer roomy shirts, but this will go back. i may get a small. for reference i'm 150, 5'4".	Knits
I love the color (mustard) and design of this shirt! however, the description says it's made of cotton and i was disappointed to find when it arrived that it's actually made of 100% modal ? which is a big difference to me. i also think it runs small ? i ordered a medium (5'5", 125#, 34c), but would have had to order a large if i wanted the look pictured on the model. finally, the modal fabric is quite thin and i don't imagine it'll last too long without tearing. i'll probably keep it because i l	Knits
This dress is a lot of fun and would be great for a party or a wedding but unfortunately it didn't fit me right. i ordered a small since i usually wear a size 2 but the waist was just a little bit loose while the dress was too tight across the bust. this caused the dress to pull up in the front and make it look too high in the waist. i guess i'm just too busty for this dress. too bad because i really wanted it to work. it is a lovely dress.	Dresses
This dress is especially beautiful in person. the tulle doesn't snag and lays nice and flat, not point. this dress is easy to dress up or dress down, fits comfortably and has some stretch to it. the bodice does run a little high, higher than what is shown in the model picture, but lovely nonetheless.	Dresses
I loved this dress. i am 5 ft tall and usually wear xs. this dress i would definitely need an xxs in. i like things not too tight, but this was too roomy so the style was lost. it was a little long, but i think that is because it kind of hung on me. the material is light but substantial. it has a lot of stretch to it, which is very nice. it has a silky feel - could be worn dressy or every day. a very good dress all around. waiting for the xxs to come in - i would definitely recommend it.	Dresses
This dress is the perfect combination of beauty and comfort. the quality is excellent with a forgiving fit. it could be paired with black heels for a formal look or flats for a an easy date night. i just cannot say enough positive things about it!	Dresses
I love the color combination, and the bodice is very falttering. it has a tiny bit of stretch. the tulle is also feminine, i love that i could wear this with a moto jacket... sizing: no need for petite, it was short enough in regualr size. i think petite would have been too short (unless you are younger:-))	Dresses
Such quality went in to this dress - it is beautiful. the torso is lined and the tulle is not super poofy at the waist. it is, however, not made for the busty gal. i am a 32 dd, the fabric comes in at the arm pits making for narrow coverage around the chest. also this dress is short waisted, it is almost an empire on me. i wish it worked, as it is lovely. perhaps it will work on the someone super thin? so sad about it!	Dresses
For reference: 5'3, 130#, athletic/muscular body type (broad shoulders, slim hips)i wanted to love this dress soooo much, i wanted it for holidays, and special occasions, but my broad shoulders and 34d chest worked against me. the criss-crossed bodice accentuated my larger top, and there wasn't enough poof in the skirt to balance me out. i'm sure this will work beautifully on other body types, and i wish it worked on mine too! a sparkly necklace or dangling earrings and a high bun are all you	Dresses
This dress is very pretty, versatile and high quality! i'm planning to wear it to a wedding. with the holiday season coming up, i will definitely get to use it as well. the fabric is very comfortable especially the top part; it's very soft. i usually wear an xs petite, this dress seems to be a liiiiiittle too long for me and the waist is a tiny bit too loose from how i like it but it's manageable. (i have this dress in ivory top)	Dresses
Beautiful and different material, like it a lot. very happy with the purchase.	Dresses
I don't even know where to begin--this is a dress for all seasons, but especially the holiday season! i bought it specifically for the guise of a holiday part, i can't tell you what a (black) velvet blazer and (black) patent leather heels did for it! the amazing part is that i wore it to work with a cardigan and booties with no problem. my coworkers were amazed but its transition. i have a slim velvet belt with a antique-ish looking clasp that i wore all day with it, too, and that was the cherry	Dresses
The review above titled "so disappointed" couldn't have said it any better. the dresses from last year are perfect. i probably wear them at least once a week. i was so excited to see this vibrant blue color and fully expected the same quality as last year. i'm generally an xs or s in dresses (however i have xxs from last year's version), and the xs in this one is lifeless. it's heavy, hot, doesn't have the same nice shape as last year. i may cut out the integrated lining just to lighten the dres	Dresses
I love this flirty, well fitted dress! quality material!	Dresses
Love it! i usually wear a small but i just went to our local store and they only had a medium. i tried it on just in case and it fit perfectly. it is sitting pretty in my closet now. :) so if you are a size small, try ordering a medium and i hope it works for you as well.	Dresses
This is a cute dress, but just not a keeper for me. the top portion of the dress is fairly snug. i am normally a small in retailer sizes, but i would have sized up the keep the dress from pulling so much across the bust. otherwise, it was cute and simple, and the tulle was quite soft.i think that i would have gone with a medium, but i am wearing a small in the photo. for reference, i am 5'5", ~135 lbs, 34c, and 27" waist.	Dresses
Great little black dress for cooler evenings with boots, or dress down with a pair of flats for daytime. perfect fall dress!	Dresses
Was so excited to get this dress because i thought it was cute and i love flowy and big dresses - however this looks huge. the material is not soft so it doesn't fall well. it just stays proofed out so from the back you look like a giant!!	Dresses
This dress is absolutely beautiful! i love the colors and design however there are two issues with the dress for my body style: 1. it's not made for busty girls. i'm a 34d/dd and the small would have fit well (i'm 5' 6", 147 lbs.) but my chest did not fit. so i tried the medium but then the overall fit was worse, which led to another issue: 2. the waist and pleating made me look a little heavy because i still have a small amount of baby weight/spare tire around my waist, which was highlighted wi	Dresses
I was a huge fan of these lovely swing dresses from last year and bought all 3 colors. when i saw this new one, i was thrilled and ordered it immediately. what a disappointment! why did isabella sinclair mess with a good thing? the fabric is a very loose weave sort of "homespun" look, which wouldn't be a deal breaker, but i could see it would be very vulnerable to snags. last year's styles had a removable light knit full slip that allowed the airy fabrics to move. this version is fully lined. yo	Dresses
It's a nice casual dress that you can also dress up, but unfortunately it is going back. i got a small since dolan dresses always run large, but i usually get a petite. i should've known this wouldn't work. i wanted to love it because the top looks great, but the length is too long making the waist fall lower than i would like giving my middle a thick appearance.i'm thin, but i'm not skinny, 5'3" with an athletic build and a short torso with a decent size bust...if that helps. usually i can wear	Dresses
This dress is perfection! very flattering and pretty.	Dresses
I really wanted this to work. the style and colors are great and it is comfortable too. i didn't like how big the skirt portion was or how stiff the fabric was. it looked like a plaid tent on me but not in a terrible way. it could work on the right body.	Dresses
This dress is huge. i am normally a l-xl regular in retailer brands. i love a loose, flowy dress. after trying one on in the store (just a random returned petite xl) i ordered the petite medium. and it was still huge and not flattering. so sad. i wanted to love this- loved the material and colors, but way off.	Dresses
I bought this dress for my engagement photo shoot and rehearsal dinner and it's beautiful! it's delicate and feminine, without being too girly or frilly. very simplistic. and probably the comfiest piece of clothing i own! my only con is that i'm a little tall and it doesn't hit me completely on the waist, but it's still very flattering.	Dresses
The yellow is not as bright as the pic and the tee shirt base color is more off white/oatmeal making the shirt look much more drab in person than in the pics. fit was ok but nothing special about this and will be returning.	Knits
This dress is gorgeous! it is a little sheer even though it has many layers.	Dresses
Very pretty. runs true to size. waist is higher than in the photo, as other reviewers have stated. correct fit is important because the arm openings are a little big, i thought, and when i sized up to try to get the waist a little lower, the arms were too large.	Dresses
This dress fit perfectly, i think it fit just like it shows on the model i also think the color represents itself nicely in person as well. i do however think that the dress is over priced. for as often as you would wear this dress (given that isn't a basic black and would definitely be remembered by people were you to wear it more than once) i think the price is way too high. a must have on sale or clearance, but probably not a keeper for me full price in this color combination, we will see t	Dresses
Seems a little small in the width and shoulders. length is fine	Knits
Got this 4 days ago and have worn it 3 of those days. it is a perfect, beautiful autumn dress. the fabric is textured and slightly color-varied in a way that gives the black a more charcoal depth. the fabric is a thin sweater knit -- because of the texture it looks thicker than it is and i had hoped it would be thicker but i actually think if it were thicker it would not have the movement it does, nor would it be as figure-flattering. despite its thinness, it is still warm. would buy this in oth	Dresses
I didn't buy it for the longest time based on the other reviews but i finally did and i love it. great color, great quality, great fit. oh and great price too! i say - go for it.	Dresses
The issues the other reviewers mentioned didn't bother me as i don't have the prior years version to compare. i love the color and feel of the fabric. a little heavier and great for early fall layering. the armholes weren't big for me but i got a small and would normally be a medium. the cut works great for a very curvy petite frame. it doesn't add bulk but does flatter a larger chest. i can see why this doesn't work for taller ladies as the pockets and hip do flare with the heavier fabric but	Dresses
I loved the color of this shirt but it does run big. i even sized down and it was still large on me and the ruffles flare out a bit which was not flattering one me. it looks pretty on the hangar.	Knits
I ordered this in blue and the color is absolutely gorgeous! i really loved it until i put it on. wow it was bad. i ordered a small--normally a sm/med due to bust but this was so wide and had so much material. it wasn't long but rather incredibly boxy. one of the most unflattering things i've ever tried at retailer.	Knits
I really fell in love with this shirt. i am about 5 4 and 110 pounds. i ordered xxs which that was a good size from the chest but this shirt is literally so wide, i was ready to fly. although the model wears this shirt really nicely, i think this shirt is made for a certain type of body. not quite sure what that is.... also this shirt is shorter than what i expected. it looks a lot longer on the model. i had to return this shirt.	Knits
Love this top, dramatic in a casual way.i ordered the teal and love love love it....with skinny jeans or leggings the style is perfect !i am over 50, so the teal is gorgeous and i think very age appropriate.i ordered the blue also, a very pretty shade of blue.........but felt in this style, the bright/light colors would be more appropriate for someone younger.it's a stunning top...........and fits very true to size..........the drama of the ruffle is what sets it apart..hoping they do	Knits
Women who want some flutter without too much fullness	Knits
I love this tee but it isn't for everyone. i am usually a solid medium & i tried on both xs/s. i went w the small bc i liked the volume. for reference, i'm 5'6" and wear a medium/size 8-10. not thinking this is for small petite women as the peplum hem is poplin, not tee knit material so it holds its shape. on my frame it was so cute. got the holly color.	Knits
I purchased this top at my local store this past weekend, and i have to say i already know it will become an easy, go-to top. it does run large, so consider that when choosing what size to order. i generally wear a medium, but purchased a small in this top.	Knits
I had such high hopes for this top! the colors! the peplum! the ruffles! the price point! the fit was terrible, unflattering, and laughable! please try again with this one, retailer. you could have a real winner with a little tweaking!	Knits
C'mon. the accent is wrong! a simple google search would prevent this.	Knits
It fits super baggy everywhere and looked sloppy on me.	Knits
While this top does fit very loose, it is very cute and can be relaxed or you can dress it up. it is shorter in the front and longer in the back which makes the shirt take on a flattering look. i bought the green color and it is a very rich color, it will be perfect for fall! you may consider ordering a size down if your regular size tends to fit loose.	Knits
I noticed this top on one of the sales associates, and it looked great. she's probably 230lbs and about 5'5. tried it on and it looked horrible, i even tried sizing down twice. i'm 5'8" and the ruffles started right under my chest. i gave 2 stars bc of the material, it is light, and summery.	Knits
I ordered a regular size small. would have got petite small if available. still very happy!	Knits
I didn't think much of this online but it was very nice in person. i was nervous it would look bulky but it was very flattering and slimming. fits tts.	Knits
This dress is really pretty, but the fit is off. it is not fitted at the waist which made the back look poofy. also, the arm length is not flattering; it needs to be either longer or shorter. additionally, if one was to wear it a lot, the felting might start to fray.	Dresses
This top looks even better in person! the fit is very flattering and the fabric is comfortable. i highly recommend it!	Knits
I was hesitant to buy this dress due to there not being any reviews, but decided to take a chance and order it. it is fabulous!!! great fit, off the shoulder design stays in place, and the dress hits the smallest part of my waist perfectly. the lace detail on the hem and the tassels on the ties are details that sets this dress apart. i wish that it was made in another color, perhaps a solid. you all hit this one out of the park, retailer!!!	Dresses
I adore this top - so cute, flattering, and easy to dress up or down. yes, it is a little better suited for larger chests, but i personally don't mind a discreet pin for this beauty. i'm a 34a and slim build, and the only issue is when i bend forward - it falls beautifully otherwise. great with everything from a black pencil skirt to jeans and a black leather jacket...cute with denim jacket and white pants too. easy wardrobe piece.	Knits
I love this blouse with a pair of jeans. the neckline is fairly deep but very flattering and feminine. the detail is beautiful.	Knits
It fits great! i love the material and how it fits and drapes.	Knits
This shirt runs gigantic and it's not even cute. i.'m done buying retailer online.	Knits
I got the small petite and this fits beautifully, as on the model (i am 5'2"). i do think that it flatters a flat belly more than it would flatter a fatter one! it would certainly hide any belly, but the drape works best if you're streamlined, i imagine. if you've got a tapering torso, go for it! depending on your bust, you may want to pin the overlapped fabric just to be sure of hiding the bottom of your bra. not that i've found it a problem.	Knits
I ordered this in size xl and it is a perfect top. the draping is very flattering to my shape. the material is soft and the flowers/colors are appropriate for work. it's the perfect length too. i love everything about the cut of this top. the pattern will vary on each since the flowers are staggered. i love the knot effect along the waist. great purchase. hope this style will continue to be used for other tops in other patterns/colors for spring/summer timeframe. these are a little too dark/heav	Knits
This dress is beautiful but the bottom half was too tight for my shape.	Dresses
This dress is very pretty in person, and perfect for warm and hot weather. the material is comfy and breathable, and the length is perfect. for reference, i usually wear a medium in retailer dresses, and ordered this in a medium as well. at that size, it does not bunch up around the waist as much as it would if i had ordered a large, but then the fit would have been baggier elsewhere on my body. i am fine with it being a closer fit across my waist, so i would say it fits true to size for me, but w	Dresses
I own many blouses by tiny. the arms on this blouse billow out which was not flattering or thinning on me. the shirt was just blah.	Knits
I love this dress, even more when i ordered it. its really flowy and flattering. i was worried it would make me look a bit frumpy with the seam right under the bust, but its so flattering. it also has little ties on the sleeeves in the back, a detail i'm in love with.	Dresses
I love the fit and feel of this shirt. the fit is narrow but true to size. the stitching details are beautiful and make this shirt really versatile.	Knits
This blouse is adorable! very flattering wrap design, especially on my small chested body. also, the black and white is very appealing. can't wait for warmer weather so i can wear it!	Knits
This dress is so beautiful in person. it is not overly flowy, well made and extremely feminine. i really have not a bad word to say about it. and on sale, it's a steal. i plan to wear mine with tall boots as shown and with my cowboy boots.	Dresses
Ugh, the fit of this dress is terrible :/ what a beautiful dress though -- the material and the colors -- had so much potential. but, the fit is awful -- i ordered by regular size and the top was more or less ok, if not a tad big, but hip down was crazy tight that i couldn't even zip it without a ton of effort. i don't think sizing up will help because then the top will be even bigger. disappointing.	Dresses
This shirt is absolutely beautiful! the front is very thin and delicate, but wearing a nude bra underneath, you can't see a thing. i did need to add a snap between the top two buttons to avoid the chest "gap" but the back of the shirt offers enough stretch that it doesn't appear to "pull" at all. it's hard to find a button down that fits nicely when your short waisted and large chested. this one is it!!!!	Knits
At last, in a world of loose, billowy silhouettes, a draped top that falls a little closer to the body! the fabric is of good weight and has the right amount of stretch.i also love the retro/vintage pattern of the fabric itself. the fit is feminine and comfortable.you will have to wear a camisole with this top, but i do not consider that a negative. it is the way of the deep v neck.	Knits
I am glad to add this very versitile top to my wardrobe. it can be worn with a sweater in the cooler months (like i wore it today), a business jacket, or alone in the summer. i wore it with a fit-and-flare skirt today, but it goes with pants, jeans, shorts, etc.fyi: i am a 36 c(34d), short waist, broad shoulders/back, size m in knit tops, 10/12 in fitted or ones with buttons. i purchased my normal size m in this top.i have no real waist, so the shape of the top really does help to make one for	Knits
Great fit, the fabric is supple and of good quality; has a fasionable look to it but is also very very comfortable. can't beat that!	Knits
Online, i like the design, the leaves stand out. in-person, the leaves don't stand out as much, you can barely see them they are so light. the top is slightly see-through. the price is high. i think this top would work better on a more slender frame. i like the top but the price is too high for the quality and thin fabric. it may look better on a slender frame, i think. it was just too light and thin for me.	Knits
Absolutely love this dress. it is perfect for the summer. yes it wrinkles but that does not take away from how cute the dress is. the style is so unique, love the pleats. i am 146lbs, 5'6" 36dd and the size 8 fits perfectly. not tight through the arms holes or the bust area. the dress hangs perfectly, you can dress it up or where it to run errands.	Dresses
Very cute dress for special occasions or even work. dress is comfortable, excellent quality but does run slightly large.	Dresses
Nice and colorful dress but runs very oversized. material mutes the colors not as vibrant in person.	Dresses
This is a pretty dress. i bought a size 0 and the body of the dress fit, however, the sleeves were too long. had to return, as the loose and longer sleeves made the dress look too big on me.	Dresses
Beautiful design and fit.	Dresses
I ordered this dress to wear for a rehearsal dinner. i almost consistently wear a medium in most clothing but for this picked the large because of my height. i was for sure it would be too short in any other size. when i put it on i was drowning in it! i would definitely order the small if i had the time before the rehearsal. has the potential to be super cute and flattering, yet the timing and sizing didn't work out. definitely give this one a try!	Dresses
This dress fits perfect! the material is so soft and hangs so flattering. long enough to cover the booty, but short enough to show off my legs. and the color is beautiful (i got the wine color).	Dresses
I saw this online and immediately purchased the top in gray. it's so easy and casual but the shoulder detailing give it something different and unique for a regular gray shirt. the fit is loose and comfortable but not overly big, just right. i can't wait to pair it with my new white jeans for summer!	Knits
I seldom take anything but a size m in retailer tops. this m top fits ok but it is a bit sloppy overall. one reviewer says it is 'body skimming' but not on me. i am a true m yet a m seems to fit in the shoulders but overall just too big. i love the fabric and print however i will exchange for a size s if it is available. it does hide the tummy area but ends up looking like a pajama top on me.	Knits
Wonderfully soft fabric and gorgeous pattern. the background color is a more standard gray than shows in the on-line photo (which looks more pinkish gray on my screen), but it's just lovely -- looks perfect with jeans or a skirt. i will be wearing this a lot this fall, and will keep a lookout for additional patterns!	Knits
Great tee! the color online is lighter and nicer in my opinion than in reality. it's much darker in real life, but otherwise it's a super soft tee with gently fluttered sleeves and side slits. i bought it in a s and it's roomy without being oversized. great for fall....	Knits
I ordered this top in the grey along with the white lace up back pocket tee. while the other tee was totally see through and very poor quality, this one delivers in every way. in fact, i am sending the other one back to get this top in the ivory as well. the lace is very substantial and the fabric is not see through at all, like so many tops are these days. i ordered my usual medium and it comes down over my bum, just like i wanted to wear with leggings. i see this as a staple and this is my fir	Knits
The shirt looks so much more flattering on the body than on the hanger. it has a luxuriously soft feel without compromising fabric quality. i purchased both the white and navy color. indeed, a closet staple.	Knits
I love this top. the design is flattering and the fabric drapes nicely. the length is perfect and can dress it up and down.	Knits
I love the paisley print, very soft and comfy, flutter sleeve look is cute,perfect weekend wear.	Knits
I wanted to love this. it is so cute and the xxsp, my usual size, fit perfectly. however there was a fatal flaw in the construction. the hem was not sewn properly - very asymmetrical and lopsided. instead of a scoop like shown on the model, it was much longer on one side than the other. i thought maybe it was just how it hung on me, but i took it off and laid it on my bed and i could clearly see that it was sewn wrong. this is going back. i ordered another one (now it's on backorder), hopefully	Knits
This is a closet staple! loose fitting, but lovely. well made!	Knits
This shirt has beautiful colors in it. it goes with burgundy, grey, black, brown, blues, and denim. it's a generous cut, and quite lightweight for fall layering.	Knits
This had a cute design but an unflattering fit for me. it was boxy and made my boobs look droopy.	Knits
This tee is cute, keep in mind the white is totally sheer. but it's huge. i ordered an xxs and it's very loose and drapey, which is likely the style but when did sizing get to unrealistic? also, a totally sheer, basically a sort of fancier cotton tee for $60? no way.	Knits
T.la makes the best tees. soft feel, sophisticated color layering, and a body skimming shape -- all retained after multiple washings. versatile, too. other tees fade, stretch out, shrink. not t.la. a gem.	Knits
This is a great little top. a wonderful basic, but the crochet/lace detail adds the perfect amount of uniqueness. it's a soft jersey material that doesn't cling. falls very nicely over the body, flow-y without being too flow-y. i ordered my usual small, and it fits tts. for reference i'm 5'1, 125 lbs, and 34d bust. i did not order the petite since i have a longer torso, very happy i orderer a regular small. will be a great spring and summer top.	Knits
1. i'm 5'5" tall, 145 lbs, and 38 (36d)-32-40 and the size l fit me perfectly. i probably could have gotten into the m, but i don't like my t's to pull under the armpits or across the bust, and this top looks like it needs room to flow.2. the white is very sheer, but a nude bra won't show through. the navy is not see through.3. i love the asymmetric hem in the back.4. i'm a little concerned that the raw edge on the hem won't hold up in the wash, but i plan on hand washing these anyway, bec	Knits
I bought this shirt yesterday for 30% off the sale price. i usually wear a m. the store only had s and i didn't want to pay for shipping, so i bought the smaller size. it was loose through the body, tight in the arms. you could size down if you need to. but if you have large arms, i would get your normal size or get one larger. the arm fabric does not have much give. the shirt dips low in the front and back, so it has ample coverage for your mid section. it also would accommodate just about any	Knits
Fun top, 5'4, 135 lbs and i ordered xs. it was too wide and boxy so exchanged for xxs and it fits great. i like the fun slant to the side. not tight on stomach which is great! :) great top.	Knits
Based on the first person's review, i ordered a l at first... then i got it and it kinda fit like a maternity shirt and looked a bit too baggy/sloppy, not as flattering as the picture. i tried using the measurement guide below, based on the bust measurement, and i'm at the low end of the m size, so i ended up ordering the m and s just in case. the s size fit like the picture. i'm glad this isn't slim in the waist and fitted nicely in the shoulders. the blue color is beautiful. if you are more of	Knits
Lovely top, flattering and dressy, would definitely get another color if they have it.	Knits
Got this in the white and it fits perfectly. just the right length and enough detail on the shoulders. i'm 5'6" and 120 (usually an xxs or xs for tops) and the xs fits just right, not too loose not too tight. i like the style since it emphasizes my shoulders and balances nicely with cropped jeans (i'm pear shaped). material is slightly clingy but it adds to the drape nicely (wouldn't work well if it was fitted, but it's not).	Knits
I wasn't sure about this shirt at first glance, it's difficult to see in the picture but the top of the shirt and the peplum are two completely different fabrics, with the top having a much looser weave. however, it looks great on. the blue color is very saturated and pretty. the fit in the shoulders and arms is stretchy and comfortable. and it hangs in a really flattering and comfy way on my hourglass frame. i'm pretty busty, 36dd i think....i usually have to wear l in retailer tops unless they'r	Knits
I know i'm going to get a lot of wear out of this t-shirt this summer. i have it in white, and it's not too see through, which is what i always worry about when i wear white shirts. it's basic but then it has lace on the shoulders that adds something extra. i love its drape--it's not too form fitting. on me (i'm 5'2), it tends to be a bit long, but i like it. the shirt being cotton means that it's super soft. as far as washing goes, best practice is to machine wash and hang to dry--i'm afraid of	Knits
Tried this on in the store and fell in love. it's such a simple shirt but the details are special. runs tts. will get a lot of use out of this.	Knits
This pretty tee looks wonderful on! the cut and drape really flatter a woman's shape and will be versatile for pairing with casual or work outfits. i love the soft feeling, although it is not cotton as posted online.; the tag inside the shirt says: 95% rayon, 5% spandex. it doesn't really matter, but it's not what i expected. the rayon/spandex is very soft to the touch, has a beautiful texture to it and certainly feels comfortable. i really love the lower back hem at the hips, so flattering! i d	Knits
Great shirt that is basic with a little something extra. meadow rue does it again...i swear i buy everything they put out...	Knits
I love this dress! it is comfortable and pretty, well made and classic. it edges toward the larger size however it is supposed to be big. i got a small and at first it looked too big but the shoulders are perfect. i feel like sissy spacek in this gown and you will also!	Dresses
This tee is my favorite this year! it just looks great on! not fitted, but not loose either. i love it so much i have it in white, black, pink, light green, gray, slate blue and holly. the holly was my least favorite color (i thought it would look a little 'greener') it is so dark, you almost have to see it in the sunlight to be sure it is green. i ordered it online from the store and i kept it just because...i love the fact that it can be machine warned and dried without shrinking. i don't dr	Knits
The fabric is thin, though. you better wash it in a bag or the washing machine will tear it up!	Knits
I looked forward to this dress. it's a lovely design. it's a heavy material that doesn't have the most flattering fit. the green lace has snags along the hemlines which is a disappointment. i'm returning the dress.	Dresses
This is a stunning dress. fits true to size, very high quality, has a very flattering shape, and the lace embroidery is gorgeous.	Dresses
I am 5'4, 34b, 106lbs and the 0 fit me perfectly. it comes just above my knee so i could also have worn the petite and would have been fine if it was shorter too. i rarely wear green but this shade is so pretty.	Dresses
I love this dress! i am 5'3" 117 lbs and ordered the size 0. the fit is excellent and is very flattering. the color is more kelly green than what is shown in the picture, and is lovely. i wore it to my 40th celebration and adored wearing the dress!	Dresses
The material that was used to make this top is very thin and poor quality. it feels like the type of material that will disintegrate after one wash. i normally wear an xl and this top is huge and not flattering. returning asap.	Knits
Great soft tee. got the blue and really love the color.	Knits
Just received this dress in the mail. it's stunning!! the lace is just beautiful. i ordered two sizes and had to size down a bit - the fit is generous. can't wait to wear this to my rehearsal dinner next week.	Dresses
I have many moulinette soeurs creations. all are true to my size, breathtakingly beautiful, unique, made well. i ordered this dress, and i am very excited about receiving it soon. the front neckline is round, and it becomes a v in the back.	Dresses
Bought this for my daughter who is graduating this year. looks much better in person then it does in the photo. she is 5'7" and 135lb. we bought the size four. great length on her. green adds a nice pop of color. she loves it.	Dresses
These shirts are perfect for a casual day. basically t.la shirts are my daily go to. i usually wear a small but i buy these in medium because i like the looser fit. a little pricey so after buying 1 at full price i waited until they were on sale to buy more.	Knits
Love this top! not too low cut, drapes nicely and the material is thin enough but not so thin you have to wear a tank top. it does seem to run on the larger side.	Knits
I have an hourglass shape and this dress is a good fit. i think this dress looks better in person than it does in pictures. however, i'm concerned about washing it with that stark fabric and color change.	Dresses
If you look closely at the pictures this dress is shown 2 different ways. one with a lace covered v-neck and one with a rounded neck. which is it retailer? don't know about the size but i had to answer the question. i won't order the dress until i know exactly which style i'm ordering.	Dresses
I agree the pictures are confusing. the front top of the dress is not cut out as some pictures seem to indicate. this is such a great dress! it has a great lining underneath and is really flattering and nicer/dressier looking in person than i imagined it would be. i think it fits true to size. i either wear a 4 or a 6 in most retailer dresses and the 4 in this dress fits me well. i'm planning to wear this dress to my bridesmaids luncheon! i definitely recommend!	Dresses
The catalog shot and model shot are completely different. it's like not even the same dress. the neckline, color, the quality of lace	Dresses
I have no where to wear this pretty spring time inspired dress. fits just as pictured, except that i'm short. i ordered the 10p so my 36dd chest and wide rib cage fit comfortably. i'm saving this dress for easter or a fancy bridal shower.	Dresses
I admittedly watched this dress until it went on sale, then was lucky enough to find it! i couldn't find my normal size (8p), so thought i would take a chance with the 10p and it fit perfectly! i haven't tried on the 8p, but i'm guessing it would have been a bit snug. the dress is comfortable and feminine, and i absolutely love it. i know i will wear it all summer!	Dresses
There is some confusion in the first few reviews over the image, but the dress has a medium green lace and does not have a cut out at the front of the neck. it runs more true to size than some dresses at antrho -- my size is a small 6 petite (meaning that i often end up in a 4) and the six is perfect. the dress hangs gorgeously and fits fabulously. the zipper is a bit hard to get through the seams and lace, but worth it.it has a formal feel, but i think it can be made casual with shoes a	Dresses
Detailed beading was beautiful. it's too boxy, way to much fabric in the waist/bust and tight on the hips. it doesn't fall boxy/boyfriend like. the grey fabric is not soft and is lighter in color than the picture. was hoping this would be my go to sweater for warmth on casual days-bummed.	Knits
Thought this would be my goto fall "dressy sweathsirt." it ran smaller than expected and it just didn't have the drapey sweatshirt shape that i prefer. the detailing on the arms and waistband is to die for though.....	Knits
Although i'm returning, this is a cute top. the embroidery design on the front isn't really my style. it's a bit aztec-y for me.	Knits
Cute shirt but not worth the price. i did purchase it at 20% off but would have waited for a better sale. the yellow is a nice fall color	Knits
This top is easy to dress up with a blazer or wear casually with jeans and trainers. so many nice details and a great fit!	Knits
This is a very cute shirt with great details. however, it runs a little bit small. not as full cut as it seems.	Knits
I wanted to love it, but it's pretty pricey for a sweatshirt & the key hole in the back with the bright pink ribbon just looks odd. the stitching & beaded detail around the bottom hem & the cuffs is gorgeous, but the sleeves were way too long on me and just looked silly. unfortunately this will be going back.	Knits
Yes, this is a sweatshirt, but one that you can wear in a a variety of settings. it's a little boxy, but i can fit a bright colored t-shirt underneath during the cooler season. be warned, the band around the bottom runs snug, which wasn't a problem for me because i have narrow hips.	Knits
I'm desperate for cute patterned shells to either layer or wear alone. i wanted this cute print to work - and it can, but it's just not great. the material is almost spandex-y, which is a bit weird. the only place it ran a bit small on me is the length of the straps, making the neck and the arms higher than i like. if i go up a size, it might be too much fabric and pleated swing around the waist. so close!	Knits
This tank is an easy piece to add into your summer wardrobe and its amazingly affordable. i don't think the material is too think like the previous reviewer. i chose the petite size and it sits well at the chest and is a great length. not too long, but still able to front tuck. i bought two colors and am interested in all the rest!	Knits
I'm happy to say i got this on the sale rack but had been eyeing this long before. it is a flattering fit on me in size large. i just love the colors in the print! also, the style is not a basic shell but a very feminine cut. the skinny straps are also a very nice touch. i plan on wearing this with my long white linen skirt, denim capris or with shorts. i think i will also opt for a solid cardi or scarf. this is just so pretty!	Knits
Fits a bit on the bigger side, but also being the style of the top. i would order down a bit. i'm usually a 4 on top( 34c) and the xs was perfect. the wine color is classy. it's a timeless piece...	Knits
This is a beautiful dress that glides over your body and swishes around when you walk. i received many compliments when i wore this, with black korkease platform sandals and peruvian opal jewelry. the fit is true to size, i took my usual size l. it is longer on me than the model, and my only complaint is the slip-it is very sheer and you can see your legs through the slip and the dress together, so i had to find a different slip. i think retailer should also make their slips a bit longer, i don't	Dresses
Bought this on a whim and am so glad! this is made of the softest fabric and the loose flowing nature of the tank make it perfect over a bathing suit.	Knits
These tanks are perfect for working out! they have big armholes so could work with a bralette but probably not a normal bra. the material is soft but they do shrink in th wash	Knits
I love the way this loosley falls and is so light you barely feel it on you. it is very sheer to you need to wear another tank underneath.	Knits
The fabric , feel and design of this dress is sooo cute, but so large that sadly, it will need to go back. beautiful and softly flowing design but so full that not flattering.	Dresses
I ordered the blue top. it's great for the hot summer we're having in the southeast this year.	Knits
I tried this on (blue) in size 0 or xs (not sure how sizing was), regular size (sometimes i need petite). i don't think i need petite in this one though, i love the peek of lighter solid fabric on the hem, the whole tank is very soft. probably need a strapless bra to wear it, but could be paired with jeans for casual look or nice pants. pencil skirt for dressier look. i am 115 lbs and 30 dd for reference.	Knits
First the good: what a beautiful, figure flattering dress. the fabric is stiff feeling, but the dress is well lined, so you can't see through it, and it hides lumps and bumps well. feels very quality. the lining also means it isn't scratchy. the stripes are very figure flattering for apple shapes like me (i'm 5'5", 165 and thick through the waist...this dress gives me the illusion of actually having a waist. l fit perfectly), and i love the saucy little cut out over the knee: not so high that yo	Dresses
Such a beautiful pattern on a lovely fabric. soft to the touch and flows beautifully. i love the lacing and even the butterfly sleeves - which i'm usually not a fan or. i have a feeling i'm going to wear this to death once the weather warms up! my only complaint is the slip, which is a scratchy material that is also completely see through. it's also very short, at least for my comfort. i have a plain black slip i'll be using instead, which is fine with me as i bought the dress for the outer shel	Dresses
I tried this on at my local store. i love the look and the color of the blue tank and wanted very much to like it. alas, it was not to be. the material is super thin (almost see-through) and it is of poor quality. i did not buy it.	Knits
Lovely dress ,comfortable fabric and great cut .the combination of the alignment of stripes works beautifully and is very figure flattering.versatile to keep casual or dress up with a great pair of shoes.	Dresses
I purchased the black in the store and wore the next day. so soft and lays nicely, pretty sleeve detail. quality and fit as expected. the arm holes are a tad larger than i prefer, but i typically wear a camisole under tops so it doesn't bother me. for reference, i'm 5'8, 36c and purchased the medium.	Knits
This dress is flattering, comfortable and beautiful. it hides my imperfections too. currently my favorite dress!	Dresses
The softest tank i own. even though it's a soft burnout fabric it's still not too sheer. great quality	Knits
This is such a cute top with so much potential, soft fabric, vibrant colors and flattering fit on top. however like so many of retailer swing tops lately it has tons of fabric at the bottom making it billow in a very unflattering way. i ordered it in an xxsp so i can't even go down in size so this top, regrettably, has to go back.i love swing tops but retailer, could we please have tops that do not double for maternity tops??	Knits
When i received this tank, i ordered the blue, i almost returned it because it seemed really thin, almost see through. however, once i tried it on it had a good fit, not see through, just lightweight and breezy. i especially like the twisted details on the straps. i would suggest a bralette with a cross back for comfort, especially because it is on the thin side.	Knits
This top looks good on model and has great reviews online. however it did not work on my bodytype. when i tried it the slit in the front sat too low. i don't like showing cleavage because i dress conservatively. other than that i would have loved wearing it. arm cut is not too big such it shows sides of bra bands. overall fit is loose and drapery.	Knits
Don't even waste your money, even on sale.bought three in different colors because i loved the loose fit and airyness for hot southern summers. unfortunately, one of them ripped in the first wash. i let it air dry and thats when i found multiple runs and a hole that i could put my finger through. one of the other colors was fine, yet still pilled pretty bad. the third one still has the tag. keeping the one that survived the wash because i like the color - but will only be using it as a knock	Knits
This tank is really thin and airy without being too flowy. it was perfect for my soul cycle workout, and i am thinking about getting it in different colors for working out. i don't know that i'd normally wear this top on its own because it's very casual, but it's perfect as part of a workout or vacation outfit. i sized down one size to make sure that it wasn't too flowy, and it fit perfectly. i am 5'2" and 130lbs., and a size xs fit perfectly.	Knits
Beautiful top... the print is really unique and already received compliments on it when running my daughter in for school. it's a little fuller on the bottom and flows out so i think i may pin it but it's beautiful. definitely worth getting!	Knits
Crew stripe sheath fitted very well until i turned around. the waist section, where the stripes wrap around the waist had extra fabric and didn't lay well. i am 5'4", 120 lbs, 32c, 26" waist, and 32" hip usually wear a 0 or extra small in the maeve clothing that isn't a fitted style. i bought the s, which fit well except for the waist issue described above. this is a fitted dress. i hope this is just an issue with the dress i received. it is a great style idea.	Dresses
I'm a power-walker. i bought this tank in 3 colors and rotate through them. they're great for working out with a nice sports bra underneath. i also wear them with leggings. so cute! love the colors, the fit. yes, they're thin. i don't think they'll last for years and years, but with the sale price they are such a great deal.	Knits
The material is thin and of poor quality. it snagged the first time i wore it. the arm holes are very low as other reviewers stated.	Knits
Great, comfortable tank. cool added detail in the straps. runs big so size down. i wear both a medium and large at retailer and got this in a small.	Knits
I bought this top in two colors--i think it's a really cute, easy top to wear, but the fabric is extremely thin and poor quality. i tucked the front into a pair of shorts and i can already see a small snag forming, which i'm sure will be a hole in no time. two stars only because i really do like the look of the top generally, i just wish it was something that was going to last beyond a couple of wears.	Knits
I love this top. so much so that i bought it in black and red. i do think it runs a bit big. i normally wear a medium or small. i bought this in extra small and it fits beautifully. can be dressed up or dressed down. love that it is a double layered knit too. the fabric is soft and drappy. this is a staple top. looks great with a pencil skirt tucked in. got lots of compliments when i wore the red one. havent worn the black one yet. for reference im 5'9" , weigh 125lbs and wear a 34b.	Knits
I bought this dress for my bridal shower and it is perfect. the pattern is beautiful and very similar to the image shown online. the fabric is much lighter than i anticipated which is nice for spring/summer weather. i had to get the top altered slightly to better fit on top but it was a very easy alteration. i am normally a size 8 in dresses and found this to fit very true to size.	Dresses
Hi, i bought this top in a couple of colors. i wear a 12/14 or xl. i bought these in a xl. they are huge. but i liked them well enough and returned them for larges and they fit beautifully.	Knits
I absolutely love the print. it's what caught my eye first when scrolling down the page. the fabric is very soft, single layer. the model definitely makes this shirt look slimmer or tighter to the body than the shirt actually is. the slimmer fit was the next thing i was looking forward to, but like other reviews, it is very flowy and the fabric falls away from the bottom below the bust (which i'm not mad about when wearing this in the summer--the occasional breeze will feel nicer with a loose to	Knits
I love the look of this top. i'm usually a size 12 or 14 and i tried on a size l and it seemed really big, and looked a little like a maternity top. i thought maybe it was too big and ordered a size m. unfortunately, it still looked maternity-ish. i think the bottom of this is flared so much that if you have a big bust at all, it will look like a maternity top on you.	Knits
Is gigantic-it could be so cute, but the neckline and armholes are ridiculously low. i am 5 feet 10 and 140 pounds, and a small was huge on me.	Knits
Purchased in the red and love it! love that it goes with anything from work pants to jean shorts. the ruffle details add just a little extra, which makes it perfect. i just paired with gray chinos a couple days ago and it made a lovely outfit. fits tts. i wear an xs and purchased that.	Knits
I was on the fence about this toposition because, as others have stated, it is quite billowy at the bottom. just before returning i decided to try it on with a navy linen v-neck cardi and it completely changed my mind!! wow! now i am not saying that this isn't beautiful on its own, because.it truly is!! i am just saying that now this has become a truly versatile piece in my wardrobe. i did not order a petite even though i am 5'3", and for that in am glad! i ordered regular size xs (108 lbs/36b)	Knits
So comfy and well made, perfect to dress up or down, bought one and coming back for several more. cut a bit low in arms, lace bralette is perfect under.'' bought a small, length and fit similar to model	Knits
I bought three -- in part, because they were on sale. i do not think that i will ever wear these without a sports bra though. they are too low in the front and on the sides for a regular bra and too thin to go bra-less. that said, they may look cute with some of the lacy-show-me bras that seem to be trendy right now. i am typically a small, and bought x-small. the drape is not that different in the two sizes, but the length of the straps was much less revealing in the smaller size. all-i	Knits
Bought (on sale) the first to use for working out/yoga and they're perfectly suited for the job! so i bought 2 more (also on sale). has held up well in the wash so far and i've washed each about 3-4 times. runs a little large but it is a loose flowy top. normally wear a medium but got smalls in these.	Knits
I am very happy with the top.well made and beautiful color.	Knits
This dress is beautiful and delicate, so flattering! runs a little big- slightly looser fit- got the size small, usually a 6-8, and it is perfect. the slip included is very sheer however, so i am using a different black slip for mine.	Dresses
Usually an retailer dress in a large fits me perfectly however not this one. i am larger busted and this dress was way too tight on top. possibly better on smaller chests. the dress is cute and the rest of the fit was good. not for me could barely pull it down over the boobs. going back :(	Dresses
I wasn't sure about these when i first took them out, but they are so cute! the fabric is super soft and skims the body/is not clingy. i got the black & the red. the red is more of a magenta, but i'm okay with that. i think these will be great in the fall and early winter too, under cardigans & light jackets. another bonus, they do not show a ton of cleavage, like a lot of tops out there. the arm holes are also very close to perfect. i hate how big the armholes are on tops that basically require	Knits
I haven't taken this off since i got it. and since then, i've ordered two more colors. it's definitely sheer, but the blue isn't see-through, though i expect the lighter colors are. it is a distressed look, but super-soft, comfy, and perfect to wear over work out clothes or dressed up with jeans. really a nice summer top for hot days. i'm 5'4, 135 the and the xxs is perfect--drapey, but not baggy. very flattering straps too.	Knits
Just picked this up at a store....had a terrible time deciding between the plaid and the chambray but went with the chambray. super soft fabric and not too short for a 55 year old. i'm 5'5", 135 lbs, and 34 d and the medium is perfect. sometimes i wear a small but have broad shoulders so need the m in this. i'll wear without a belt...it falls nicely and is very flattering!	Dresses
This is a super cute dress and i get lots of compliments when i wear it.	Dresses
Cute. i love the button back detail. but it's completely see-through. i could have worked with that by putting a cami underneath, but the arm holes were too tight. didn't look bad, just felt uncomfortable. you can't really tell in the pic, but there's elastic on the arm holes. it'll work if you have super skinny arms, but apparently i don't.	Knits
I'm 5'3" with high waist and some booty. this dress has a fantastic, flattering fit. i paired it with the elita belt as opposed to the thicker belt on the long waisted model. (love the belt too, btw). the fabric is soft and will pair well with tshirt or cami underneath. i plan to wear with brown booties as well as sandals. looking for a suede jacket now...	Dresses
I loved this dress, i usually wear a petite but went with regular based on the reviews. i workout and it was snug on my arms.. fabric felt great, loved the fringe.. just a but snug in the arms for me.	Dresses
Soft, comfortable material and flattering with or without a belt. i'm 5'10", 130...typically wear a 4. the small fits me perfectly and even the sleeve length is long enough when unrolled. high hem hits me a few inches above the knee, low hem a few inches below.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful! runs a little bit large. i usually wear a small or medium. i took the petite small in this dress. i am 5'3" and ordered in petite sizing and i am so glad that i did. the only complaint that i have is that there is no liner and although the dress has some dark colors, it is very sheer, very see through.	Dresses
I love denim and this tunic/dress/shirt is soft and fits really well except its almost too long to be a tunic/shirt but too short to be a dress - at least for me but i have a long torso - still not sure if i should keep it.	Dresses
I ordered the shirt bc it looked soo cute despite the fact many said this shirt was see thru. it's true.. had to return it	Knits
I love this dress now that it is on sale; sized down to sm petite, added a simple full slip. endless compliments and inquiries on where to buy it!	Dresses
Really cute casual dress. wore it to a "girls night" out!! they all loved it. can't wait to wear it again with knee high boots!	Dresses
I tried on the xs petite, and liked it but didn't love. the arm holes seemed big, you could see my pink bra peeked through on te sides. also, the material is soft but thin (see through, somewhat). the xs petite, just seemed big overall, i would try the xxs petite if it goes on sale and is available. i am 115 lbs, 30dd for reference.	Dresses
If you're on the fence about this dress - go for it! i am a huge retailer shopper but haven't ever been compelled to write a review until now. this dress fits beautifully. the materials is so soft and comfortable and the design of the dress is very flattering, with or without a belt. i am 5'2, 118 pounds and i purchased the pxs. it's perfect! i wore this with booties and received a ton of compliments. the fringe and hemline make this dress really stand out.	Dresses
Loved this dress! material is soft... the overall fit is great! the challenge with this dress is the side slits... they do go pretty high... too high for church but may wear them with leggings as it gets cooler... super cute with or without belt 5'9 135 lbs and i ordered a small.	Dresses
I have a short torso and short arms, so i purchased this in a petite medium. i probably could've worn the ps, but i do like the little extra room. it is a classic shirt dress with just enough of today's trendy "frayed edge" to make it contemporary. the fabric is super soft and lays nicely. i can imagine wearing this through the seasons with a variety of shoes/legwear & accessories! looking forward to it.	Dresses
The shirt is cute, but there is no way that the length posted on the website is correct--it's a crop top. this was returned.	Knits
Great fabric. soft and easy to wear and goes from day to night easily.	Dresses
Long enough to wear without leggings but also great with them. i also purchase the belt pictured and it looks as good in person as it does in the photo!	Dresses
This dress is amazing. nice material, comfortable and really flattering. slightly tight in the arms but otherwise perfect. highly recommended!!!	Dresses
I read all the reviews about the fabric being see through, but liked the dress enough to give it a shot. it is soooo see through. this trally could only be worn on a beach. very disappointed.	Dresses
At 5'4" i typically order petite clothing...i was unsure of this dress/tunic-shirt from the photos online, the reviews and the hi/low hem. i ordered xs and pxs (about 118#). both fit as far as shoulders and through the body but the pxs was way too short on me to wear as a dress without any leggings. the length of the regular xs works great and i feel is appropriate for someone my age! it is buttery soft and so comfortable. i ordered the suede wrap belt to go with it. also, the sleeves are too ti	Dresses
I bought this top in my usual xs size in black and it fit just right. it's very flattering and i love the strip of buttons down the back and the tucks at the shoulders. two things that i did not (could not!) notice by looking online is that this top is actually knitwear! it's still very lightweight and it has a fabric strip that runs along the back strip of buttons. the second thing is that it's a bit transparent. i would definitely prefer to wear a camisole underneath if i'm wearing this top to	Knits
Little boxy in the mid section; very very elegant and beautiful design!	Dresses
I fell in love instantly...but...upon looking in the mirror, it is 100 percent see through. at least the black is... i love it enough that i am going to try to put a cami underneath. however, that mayn't work. the shirt is lovely in and of itself, but at 48, i don't need a see through shirt. it is also defiantly about a size larger that expected. so size down. almost so good!	Knits
Love this dress! very soft and easy to wear. i'm 5'4" and it hits the top of my knees which is perfect for me. can't wait to wear it with white leggings and boots this winter. i've seen several similar styles and tried on a few at other boutiques but they were thick material and bulky denim. this is the perfect, light and soft to the touch. highly recommend!	Dresses
The style was really cute but the fit was huge. i ordered an xs. i don't think going to the xxs would have helped. i ended up returning it.	Dresses
I thought this shirt dress was adorable but i am 5'8" with long legs and the sides of the dress were cut just a little too high. nice soft material and i would have kept it if the sides had been an inch longer.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous! pictures online do not do it justice! my only issue is that it is slightly sheer, even with the layers under the skirt. will probably require nude boy shorts. i would say it runs tts if not a little bit large. i ordered my normal size 6 and the band and bust are snug but not uncomfortable, but the back mesh portion is loose. it hits me about where it hits the model in length. i was able to find one that somebody returned in-store so that was helpful. for reference i am 5'	Dresses
Everything about this dress is just right! the hand of the fabric is soft and drapes beautifully, the cut is slender but forgiving, the length is short enough to be chic but not skimpy, and the fringe and hemline keep it from looking like every other denim shirtdress out there. i am 5'7" 125 lb and got an xs. i love the versatility too--as a dress, jacket, under layer, with/without a belt. yay!	Dresses
Love love the fit and material. a must fall wardrobe.	Dresses
Everything about this dress is exceptional. the fit, material, workmanship, and style are wonderful. the dress even has 2 petticoats to make the skirt stand out. the dress is modern in style, yet classic.	Dresses
Colors and patterns of this dress are beautiful and that's where it ends. cheap flimsy polyester and no lining. far too expensive for what it is. on me it bulked out in my chest area and did not look so great. i would say it runs a tad big but in my case ( i have wide shoulders) not big enough to downsize. too bad because i really love the colors and idea of this dress.	Dresses
Love the fabric that c s uses--so very soft and pliable. fit is tts with room for draping over figure flaws and great for layering while open. but the high-low hem is far more extreme than the new "action shots" show. i'm kind of over this trend but at the same time love this shirt dress. i'm 5'3" 140# 36d and tried on m but will order mp online because of length.	Dresses
Very cute dress! 5'4, 120 lbs - xs regular was too long, xs petite was perfect length!	Dresses
I am not a fray fan but this dress has a modern vintage look, and it looks tailored. check out the ruffle sleeves, surprising detail. size regular small falls right above my knees, perfect at the chest (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips), but the sleeves are 2 inches pass my wrist. the ruffle sleeves are too pretty to be rolled up, so i got the petite s, sleeves at perfect length, torso fits better but length is an inch shorter (thank you, cloth and stone for finally making petite sizes).	Dresses
Height: 5'2"weight: 118-120 lbsbust: 34b or 32cwaist: 27"-28"hips: 37"-38"i like this dress a lot, but it would have required tailoring the skirt. i'm petite, but for whatever reason most regular sized clothing fit me well, and petites clothes are usually too short in the arms or legs for me. the midi length is better suited to taller women. in the photo it looks like it hits just below the model's knee, but on me it hit below the fullest part of my calf.i ordered the 0 and the 2	Dresses
This dress looked nice online so i ordered it. once it arrived i tried it on and it looked even better. the fit was flattering as well. very versatile piece in an interesting print. glad i caught this piece on sale!	Dresses
This dress is very flattering on. it fits close to the body but the layers are thick so it doesn't show too much. the material is stretchy and very cozy. i'm 5'4", 130lbs and a 34c and the medium fit perfectly.	Dresses
This top is so cute on. would look great on anyone as the style, quality, and color is incredible. highly recommend, even at this price. you won't regret it.	Knits
I wanted to love this dress. i pre-ordered it and waiting 2 weeks for it arrive. when it arrived the dress was much more pleated than i thought. i'm not sure if i misunderstood the images, but i did not know the dress was going to being pleated all over, i just thought that the fabric had a texture. the print is adorable but the shape of the dress was not flattering on me. i am pretty straight down with somewhat wide hips, but the fabric of the dress made me look larger than i am. i think this w	Dresses
This is a wonderful, cheerful spring dress. the material is slightly thicker than expected. (i suppose i thought it would be a little thinner or more summery, but it really works for both seasons.). the fit is exactly spot on as i would expect for tracy reese. i'm 5'2", 110, 32-24.4-32, and ordered the 0p. colors and fit are just like the product photo. highly recommended.	Dresses
Purchased this dress for a garden wedding and received so many compliments. the print is very lovely and the fit was true to size. i was mildly thrown off by the waffle texture of the material as it caused the dress to be a tad clingier than the picture led me to believe, but it was not a deal breaker. loved that it was lined and, though feeling substantial, was not heavy and thus comfortable in 90 degree weather. looking forward to wearing this again.	Dresses
This shirt is perfect! bought charcoal and ivory. compliments galore, super cute with jeans, workout pants. love it!	Knits
Sooo disappointed with how flimsy this fabric is. i think this is the thinnest of all clothing items i have ever come across anywhere in my life. this is really a shame because the colors are stunning and it is a nice shirt style. another con is if you have any bit of back fat it shows every lump and bump . i do not recommend unless you have a lean back and the cost was $5.00!!!	Knits
Purchased this in two colors online. purchased in an xs - i am usually a s or xs. the fit was really large in the xs and the seam on the front of the top was in the wrong place and was really unflattering. returning both.	Knits
Perfect fall top! extra long sleeves perfect for keeping the chill off.	Knits
Really cute top, the material is soft and feels like great quality. love the loose cut and slight detail to the simple shirt.	Knits
The perfect flowy fall top! the material is thin so it may pick a little, but i love it.	Knits
I love this shirt so much!!! i ordered the gray a day after i received the sage color. this shirt is soft, true to size, comfortable and extremely flattering. it is one of my new favorite go-to shirts. retailer - great job at finding a stylish, casual top that can take me through all the seasons.	Knits
I want to like this top because the idea is cute but i ordered the small and it might have well been xxxl. with sizing like this, one size fits all could just about do it.	Knits
An easy top that adds instant glamour. the burnout velvet is super fun for the holidays and yet the design is comfortable and easy. i have found this top can work day and night with the right accessories.	Knits
Love the pattern & fabric. it does run a little large. i usually take a medium or large but with this dress, i may have even taken a small. it is somewhat drapey, which i like, but that needs to be considered when sizing for it. i'm hoping it shrinks a tad so the dress has a bit more shape. i'd exchange it, but i love the pattern & quirky sleeves so much i want to keep it! got this gem on sale & can't wait to wear it in the spring & summer months next year (or maybe on a warm vacation)...	Dresses
Cute embroidered mixed textiled shirt. super comfy maybe runs a little small across chest but has a nice stretch so it accommodates well. a great transition piece.	Knits
I do love this shirt as i am a yogi and love to wear things like this. it was a little boxy and big, but don't care because the style of it is so cute.	Knits
I was worried the green might be on the shiny side, but it's not. it's a really nice color for fall and the stitching is gorgeous. like in other tiny tops, this top runs small, so order up a size. in most of retailer tops, i'm a small or medium, but in this, i take a large --- a perfect fit. i'm a 36c. is a little on the pricey side, but got on sale, so all smiles here.	Knits
This is a great shirt, fits perfect and super comfortable but you feel stylish and pretty	Knits
Such a great top! the sage color is beautiful. love the simplicity of the top. slender sleeves and just enough flow to the top. this will be a great top to pair with a cute scarf!	Knits
Love the cute print and texture of fabric. perfect casual t-shirt.	Knits
I am an avid yoga fan so when i saw this tee i had to have it. i am usually a m/size 10 but as this tee is fairly sheer, i did better exchanging for a large. the fabric is so soft and it is very comfortable. a must have for yogis!	Knits
This is a beautiful, richly-colored top. fits well. very pleased. only negative is the button is covered in same material & can be easily nicked with your fingernail.	Knits
This is a find! i am always on the hunt for a unusual lbd so when i found this on a "found and collected rack" i went for it. for starters, i am 5 foot almost 6 inches, and it the length ends just about the same place on this model. i usually wear a size 2 but when i tried on the size available in the store (oo), i felt i only needed a bit higher sizing bc i am small in the chest. i am barely a size 34 a and probably a 30d at best, and i barely can squeeze my chest into this dress at this size!	Dresses
This blouse is gorgeous, but as other reviewers have noted it runs small and it's very thin. the back is see-through, not the front, though if you tend to wear things a little large and order up a size, the back is fine. my real issue is that it shrank so much when i washed it (on cold, delicate cycle, hang dry) that it's pretty much unwearable now. sad.	Knits
I got this top in black and didn't realize until i got it that it has velvet accents. it is beautiful, sophisticated and can be a great party, work, or play top!	Knits
I bought this to use over the holidays. it is extremely comfortable and i've received multiple complements. you can dress it up or wear it casual.	Knits
This is a cute top that has a nicer texture and sheen to the velvet in person than the pictures do justice to...it's just simply richer and prettier in person.there's a nice drape to the fabric, but it's cut pretty short and wide, which isn't flattering imo, unless you are very petite and have a small bust. i say this as someone who is small enough that i usually welcome a shorter cut top because most normal length tanks and tops are tunic length on me.i would have given it a higher star rat	Knits
Really great shirt, i made the mistake of ordering normal size (xs) and it was way too small. this is more like ordering in dress shirt size- so think 4, 6, 8, etc, definitely going to have to send back and order up to s or m. will be a keeper once i get the right fit!	Knits
I loved this top. loved it. the quality and color ( i got the red) are wonderful. the top fit perfectly through the chest and the a-line design was super flattering through the waist. however, i am long waisted and the top was simply too short on me. even when worn with mid-rise trousers, my belly showed when i leaned to the side or reached my arms above my shoulders. i so hoped it would be perfect with skinny jeans or leggings - as shown on the model - but on a long-waisted frame it is simply t	Knits
Nice quality material. the green is pretty color. just a good cozy top. i normally wear a large in retailer clothes and the large in this world was very roomy (which was fine with me). if you are short and have smaller shoulders and bust definitely go for a size smaller than you would normally wear.	Knits
I got this in a medium, its really big, i added a belt and ir looks alot better, the medium seems like a large, im a size 6 or 8, should have gotten a small, now they are out will use the medium with a belt	Dresses
This print is so cool! the shirt is just a little loose so order your usual size and it will fit perfectly.	Knits
I buy almost ever top tiny puts out and so i grabbed this one in the last tops sale since i'm a sucker for embroidered flowers. everything about it is gorgeous except it is so flimsy i can't even believe it. like when i held it up in the dressing room, i could see through the entire shirt, front to back, before even putting it on. once on, i could see everything through it. i actually thought i was going to tear the thing to pieces trying it on, it's so frail. i own so many tiny shirts and while	Knits
Love this top (and every top tiny puts out). runs very small. i normally wear an xs but i got a m in this top. so pretty and great detail	Knits
While i love the green color and the soft waffle knit of this top it was so wide i could have fit two of me standing side by side into it! i mean it was truly laughable! don't know what the manufacturer was thinking but this one needs to go back to the drawing board.	Knits
The design is so cute (people in different yoga poses, small and subtle prints) and a must for a yogini. i love the colors, it's colorful but not too bright and it's beautiful against the white background. i ordered xs (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips) and it fit perfectly (it has a fitted look but not tight because it has some stretch from the soft cotton material). i like the fact that there's no stretchy spandex feel, just pure soft cotton feel. it's great for gals who are conscious about the arms	Knits
Love this top! it's light weight and very comfortable! it's great for wearing around the house or going out for a casual dinner. would love to get it in more colors!	Knits
I think this t-shirt is so cute. simple but cute. i originally ordered this in medium. i washed and wore it once but realized it was really too big. my normal size is small so i reordered it. it is slightly shear for my taste so i do wear a cami underneath. i plan to wear this to my 2 year old's gymnastics class. it is little yoga people but close enough! i normally hang dry all my clothes from retailer as they can be quite delicate but the first one i washed did wash well.	Knits
I purchased this dress for a summer celebration. i am petite, but ordered the dress in a misses size (one size smaller) because i wanted it to hit right at the knee, rather than the shorter above-the-knee length pictured. i loved all about the dress - the fact that the colors are more vibrant than in the picture and that is has a beige slip.. i dressed it up with gold chandelier earrings and nude sandals and got compliments form almost everyone. i am planning to dress it down with espadrilles.	Dresses
I am not a bright clothing person but adore this top. if this is the right red for you i highly recommend.! it is a beautiful bright red no orange tones so really works with my skin tones. it is a very comfy shirt and although it is a stretchy fabric it did not show any lumps or bumps in the upper back. has a beautiful flow to it and looks not only great with jeans but really cute with a patterned sweater pencil skirt i bought at retailer a couple years ago and always with a good old black pencil	Knits
My daughter tried this on in the store yesterday and loved it. it fits perfectly; true to size - the quality of the fabric and style is lovely. a fun jacket to layer with.	Knits
Color is pretty true to pic, a bright blue red. sleeves have more volume than pic. so does the body. in my opinion. maybe if i looked like the model. i wear a 27 in jeans and it doesn't look so cute on me. also i'm a brunette. angles? pinning? i have to wonder. probably just pics at good angles. it looks really cute on the model though.	Knits
This a great dress! bright colors, soft material and comfortable! the body of the dress is voluminous, so i found it to be a definite swing dress. i can see why it sold out the first time it was offered!	Dresses
Love this dress. it is airy, lightweight, and comfortable - the kind of dress i'm sure i will wear all summer long. from the pics online i thought the sleeves would have embroidered detail, however it was just the print of the fabric. i like it just the same. it comes with a slip underneath so it swings nicely. i ordered it in both a s and xs. there is plenty of fabric and it is not at all cling-y so the xs was fine. excited to wear it!	Dresses
I saw tons of people raving about this piece so i had to check it out for myself. i love the vibrant colors and the design and while the fabric is delicate it feels amazing and light. i sadly had to leave it as the store as i am a girl with a larger chest and big hips. i looked huge and it was not flattering to my shape. if this dress came in a maxi with a high waist like i would be all over it. it is beautiful.	Dresses
This is so so soft and has a nice stretch to it. the fit is great, love the side zippers. i wore it today for the first time and before i even arrived at the office i noticed a crazy amount of pilling where my purse rubbed. nothing i cant get rid of (till next time i carry a bag!) but if this keeps up there soon won't be much of a shirt left. very disappointing for the price. was lucky enough to snag this on sale but it was still pricey for the quality.	Knits
Love the dress! feel it fits true to size or slightly larger...knocked off a star as my dress arrived without the slip liner. i luckily have a slip that works from another dress...the beading is a lovely surprise! subtle and just enough sparkle in the sun, but not too much.	Dresses
I thought the dress in store for true to size and was a bit more 'swinging' style. i am 5'7, athletic and the small fit perfect.	Dresses
The dress i received is adorable, however, the color is much more subdued than shown in the catalog.	Dresses
This is a review of customer service in general,from several issues with online shopping! i don't understand why you ask for my opinion and say it counts when clearly it does not.i have had a lot of issues. receiving parcels from one of your carriers,laser ship and i have reported the issues to them and retailer,but it appears only the good parts are read.this poor service cost me money in postage and lost discounts but again i'm ignored,and i had to order my last returned parcel again pay more fo	Dresses
This is a shift dress, which is a great dress for many people, in a kind of man-repeller way. by saying that, i mean, a really pretty dress that can show off amazing shoes, good legs, a beautiful face and hair. this is not a body con dress. however, when you do such a high neckline and boxy sleeves, you do no one any favors. everyone has a nice neck and decolletage and collarbone. everyone. the neckline needs to open up a bit....i'm not saying v-neck, just a bit lower than this, because it makes	Dresses
The title says it all. looks very pretty online though.	Dresses
This is a perfect dress for work or fun. flattering and flow with lovely little subtle details.	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress! the pictures don't do it justice. the colors and details are stunning! i have only worn it once this far but received a ton of complements.	Dresses
Retailer, take me away! this dress transports me to an island. i ordered a small and exchanged for an xs, i could have probably even done an xxs (thank you vanity sizing). i'm not tiny. i'm 5'4'' and 130lbs with lots of baby left overs. i love the details of the dress and so many people stopped me to compliment it. and, while a few people thought i was pregnant while wearing this dress (because women obviously only wear flowy dresses when they're pregnant), i welcomed the seat offers with wide o	Dresses
Like other reviewers, i saw this dress on the cover of the catalog and knew i had to have it! well, i am very disappointed. the colors aren't as rich as the outdoor photo, although they're brighter than shown in the studio photos. this is just not a flattering dress. i've put it on three times and taken it back off. the neck is too high, the sleeves are too narrow (and i have really skinny arms), and there's no "swing" to it. i am 5'4" and weigh 120 pounds and bought a size small, which is what	Dresses
If the dress fits, there is nothing not to love about it. the color, of mine, is exactly like the catalogue and first photo online (deeper and richer than the studio photos). it is not too sheer, as another reviewer reported. it has a slip, and the fabric is beautiful.the issue i've had has been sizing and style. i wear a size 2. i ordered an xs. the dress i received was not the style of the catalogue dress or the first dress in the online photos. i was looking for the very floaty, full dres	Dresses
This is wearable avant-garde fashion! yes, the swing is oversized...it's supposed to be. that's the design! fits perfect at arms and across the chest. i'm 5'3, 127 and orders a 2p. it's perfection! just understand what you're buying. high fashion. high quality.	Dresses
I am a huge fan of absolutely everything tanvi kedia designs. her clothing is intricate, boho, colorful and fits like a dream. when i saw this online i had to have it. it just arrived today and its everything i imagined it to be! the fit is more like the studio pics and less like the first catalog pic. the dress definitely has some room, but it isn't quite as swingy as the catalog photo. i have a lot of curves, so it may be swingy on a more slender figure. i ordered an xl mostly because of the s	Dresses
Cute top, not great on me. beautiful, bright color.	Knits
I bought this dress because i saw it in stores when it first came to retailer. it was stunning. the colors were vivid and the beading was intricate. i regretted not purchasing it immediately. fast forward to today... the dress i received was not the one that was originally in stores. the fabric was different, there was hardly any beading, and the colors were washed out and dull. i read previous reviews saying that the dress was more like the studio pictures than the original promo. but t	Dresses
Had to have this dress as soon as i saw it in store. i am heavy chested (40dd). bought it in an xl. it is so colorful and vibrant. dress would look good on any skin tone. love that it is a shift dress. perfect with sandals or wedges.	Dresses
This top is very beautiful and the color is a dream, but wow is it short! i'm 5'8" and it barely hit the top of the waistband on my jeans. the fabric is oddly heavy and not light and airy like i expected. it seemed like an odd choice for a blouse. because of the seaming and gathered fabric at the top of this shirt, i wouldn't recommend this to women who are busty/curvy on top. it made my chest look huge! this styling may work for petite ladies, but tall & curvy ladies beware.	Knits
I loved this dress online and was luckily able to locate it in a store about an hour away from me. i drove to the store to purchase it; however, when i tried it on, i was so disappointed! the print is adorable and it is made of great quality, but the swing style is definitely more than mini! i could have fit 3 of myself in this dress. it is definitely not as depicted in the photographs. also, the background of the dress is way more pink than appears in the photos, and the floral print isn't as r	Dresses
I was surprised at the high quality of fabric; however, the dress looked like a muumuu on. maybe with a belt it would be cuter...	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress. it is absolutely beautiful - the color, design and details. however, whether it is the high neckline or the sleeves, it did nothing for me and made me look kinda frumpy. though i am slender, i have a chest. maybe that was the problem.	Dresses
Everything about this blouse is perfect - the color, the drape, the detail. so flattering and easy to wear. i just love it!	Knits
This top hit at my hips not as it appears on the model in the photo, and i am short at 5' 2". cute top, but shorter than i had expected and definitely not a tunic style.	Knits
I love the colors in this top, but i returned it for a few reasons. the material is extremely fragile; with small kids i knew this would be snagged all over after my first day of wearing it. my other issue was that it came to just below my belt on me. i was under the impression from the photo that it was more of a tunic style top. i'm 5'6 and it just didn't look that way on me.	Knits
This blouse does run large especially in the length of the sleeves (but the rest of the shirt fit well) pretty pretty blouse. hides bulges, runs a little long. super soft material. a must have for fall!!!	Knits
This blouse is so much cuter in person! and it's more golden than yellow so it's not as bright which makes it easier for blondes to wear. i tried it on thinking i'd never be able to pull the color off but loved it enough to try, and wow so perfect! i had to get it and it was on sale. love this and happy to add it to my antro collection!	Knits
Beautiful and chic. so glad i tried it on!	Knits
I was unsure about the color when i got it in the mail but it is very flattering. it is roomy for sure. with a pair of slim shorts or pants it looks great though. creasing may be an issue. 5ft 6, 135 lbs 36 d...the xs looks good with room to spare.nice weight fabric for fall.	Knits
Beautiful color for fall. sleeves are a bit long and loose, but otherwise a great blouse for work. i recommend sizing down	Knits
Love everything about this. the color is gorgeous - great fall addition to any wardrobe. the tassels are cool - usually don't like things like that.i wear a small or medium in retailer, usually small, and i purchased the small.	Knits
Haven't seen a top as fun and unique as this without being "too much" in a long time. i typically like a little longer with skinny jeans/leggings but this does the job of hitting at a good spot just at my crotch and the bottom of my behind. it's the right amount of swing at the bottom to wear out (not sure i could tuck it in and make it look right as in the photo), the "bell" at the sleeve bottoms adds just the right amount of detail as does the neck detail and ties. the color is beautiful and i	Knits
I loved this top when i tried it on. i'm usually a small or medium and ordered the medium based on these reviews. the only problem with this for me was that you can see through it in the back. it showed every lump and bump around my bra. reluctantly, i am going to return it. if you don't have any lumps and bumps i think this is a great top. i wish it had worked for me. i debated about trying it on with a camisole to see if that would help, but don't really want to have to wear a camisole in the	Knits
Not sure if it truly runs small as i didn't have an xs to compare with, but i picked up the s at the store and that fit really nicely. had a loose flow about without it looking big on me. i'm 5'0, 32 d 110lbs and have a petite but athletic build. and i normally wear xs. the sleeves were a snug fit, not in an uncomfortable way because the material is stretchy but i would wonder if an xs would have been too tight around the arms, and the chest not creating that flows look. very feminine, sweet and	Knits
I'm 5'8" small 115 pounds. ordered the xs. this dress is gorgeous! my husband loved it! i tried several sticky bras... nothing worked. i'm 32dd i gave up. if your ok with no support, you'll love this dress. sexy back, perfect length, so light!	Dresses
Very flattering and looks much better on than on the mannequin in store. i an in between small/medium and went with medium which was looser in back and did not show any lumps or bumps. great with jeans, pencil skirts and capris .	Knits
For my body type, this top looked ridiculous! i am small-busted and thinnish on top. this seemingly very pretty top look like a big rectangle on me. very unflattering. hard to tell if it was true-to-size because it hung so wide. i think for a gal with more substantial upper body (i.e., boobs) this would work better.	Knits
White, lace, peplum...all my jams so this top was a no brainer order. what i didn't realize was how cozy the cotton would be. it was like just wearing a cozy tee, but looked so much better. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, and the small fit perfectly.	Knits
The slubbed palette tee fits perfectly. it's very comfortable and looks cute with jeans. i'll be ordering more in other colors. i really like that its made in the us too.	Knits
This dress is thin and completely see through. it is definitely not worth the price tag. would be really cute in a thicker material.	Dresses
I feel like this top is almost perfect, but there's something missing. the details are nice, the fit is fine, but something wasn't right. maybe it was the weird arm length?fits tts, if a tad on the large side.	Knits
This dress looked amazing in the picture. i am 5'10 and since the model was 5'9 with the dress dragging on the ground, i assumed it would be long on me as well. even with flats, this dress is an awkward length. the description says it is 62 in length but i measured it and the dress i got was 52. i will say that it's a beautiful fabric and the quality of the dress is great. it just doesn't look like the dress in the picture at all in terms of the way it hangs and the length.	Dresses
Great tee! color is vibrant, material is soft, fits great.	Knits
Beautiful white top. peplum never looged good on me until i found this one. i am 5.4, 34 dd and this peplum looked good on me. most white tops are see through int he front and this one isn't. but back is a little see through. for casual that much see though is good. not sure for office. but this is still a keeper for me :)	Knits
I would have to wear a camisole underneath this, which is odd considering it's still two layered in the front. i wanted an easy white shirt to wear, not something i'd have to layer.	Knits
I love this shirt. i actually bought two in black (my "uniform"), then decided to order one in white as well. however, the white shirt fit differently than the two black ones! it was significantly shorter; over 2' shorter! while the black tee is the perfect length, the shorter white version wasn't flattering on me and kind of flared out around my waist...not the best look. that being said, i know the black shirt will be in heavy rotation for a while, and the people at retailer were very und	Knits
I love this blouse! it is such a classic silhouette. the fit is not so loose on me as the model, but i have a much more curvy figure at a size 14/large. i am completely coverd up in this top, and the waistline is incredibly flattering to a full figure. the lace makes this top easily able to go from dressy to casual. i can see myself wearing this top again and again. great purchase.	Knits
Imo this top does run small. arms were tight in the size xs and just a bit snug in the s. top is definitely versatile. i don't usually wear peplum tops due a larger chest (34d-dd) and they usually look like maternity tops on me, however this one did not. the problem with this top is the fabric in the back of the top is shearer than i'd like. you can see every bulge and bump of your bra. i felt you'd need to cover your back with either long hair, jacket, vest or cardigan. not a deal breaker becau	Knits
Love this top, the contrasting lace/eyelet is pretty and interesting. it flairs in a flattering way.	Knits
It must be hard to photograph white clothing. this lovely top is almost invisible in the featured photo, but it is accurately photographed in the extra photo with the model in a jacket. this will feel and look great with cardigans or cropped, stylish jackets. i'm so glad i ordered this lovely, white, lacey top, and i do recommend it to you. i only dinged it one star because it would be even better in cotton and silk, which are frequent tiny brand materials. i went with the size large, as this be	Knits
This is a lovely dress, a bit brighter in person. i took off one star because only the bodice is lined. at this price point the dress should be fully lined	Dresses
I don't know who this would fit. looks so cute on the model and i thought this was going to be the perfect between season dress . . . but just looked like a sack! i think the "knit" must have stretched into an unnatural shape - especially the arms!	Dresses
This dress is so pretty and the neckline is darling!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and timeless. i wore it to a wedding and received so many compliments. i love how i can also wear it to so many other engagements. i plan to wear it for mother's day brunch, a friend's wedding shower, and know that the clasic cut will be a staple in my closet for years to come. the quality is what you expect for the price and is well worth your investment.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. it has lovely colors that should compliment many skin types. i bought the dress for my daughter as a graduation gift. i have not given it to her yet so i don't know if it fits or how it fits.	Dresses
Love the muted orange color and the design. it's lightweight and will be perfect for fall days!	Knits
Very pretty dress. the color is much brighter in person - a little too bubblegum pink for me. i love the way the bodice fit but there was just too much material in the skirt which made me look hippier than i am. would have preferred the skirt to have more of an a-line cut	Dresses
Perfect! wanted a dress for a mexican vacation. this fits the bill exactly. fabric has enough weight to hang well and cover any "flaws". love!	Dresses
The tank looks nothing like the one pictured, mainly because it's tissue-paper thin. also, i ordered it in two sizes - xs and s as it can be hard to tell which one will fit. i started with the xs and quickly discovered that it ran large. the armholes hit halfway to my waist. obviously i didn't even bother opening the size s. both will be returned.	Knits
Yep, i used to have a nice body, but now have the dreaded menopause stomach... and some excess baggage. this dress was very flattering. wore it today, easter sunday and had literally a dozen people seek me out to tell me how great the dress was or how nice i looked. it is a bright pink, think pepto bismol! heavy brocade type fabric plus a great cut = hiding my stomach and rear!! plus the lower neckline emphasized my nicer areas! very pleased to find a dress for us older women to look fresh and f	Dresses
I bought this top online in the stripes/ivory lace. fits great and is beautiful quality. (i usually wear small/size 4 in tops and the small was perfect). however, i found that the ivory lace detail on the bottom sides gave me a saddlebag effect. not good. sadly it's going back.	Knits
This top is a nice color and soft material, but is much more of a swing top style than i was looking for. i will return it, but it could be ideal for someone who wants a very loose fitting casual look.	Knits
I knew i would love this dress, it looked so me !my order arrived and sadly to say it looks awfuli was expecting 3/4 sleeves, these were to the bottom of my wrist. i could have been fine with that but, the entire dress was so big on me. it looked like a sack. i usually wear a sz 4, or s/m this was a small. will return.if you can find one that fits i would recommend it.	Dresses
From the website picture (in particular, the gray one) this may appear to be "over-sized." i can assure you, it is not. i have to return the small i ordered on the over-size assumption, and hope the medium (my usual size) fits because it's a really nice top. the sleeves and the pattern of the weave give it good pizzazz.	Knits
This is a super comfortable and flattering dress and i get compliments every time i wear it! highly recommend!	Dresses
This dress is super cute - and fits tts for retailer. i ordered my usual size small and it fit me great everywhere, however the arms are much shorter and hit me either wrong, or the model in the picture is just very,very small. i'm 5'10, 136#, 36aa, slim built and the dress fits, but the arms bunch up -- if i ordered a medium the entire dress would be too baggy (and it is a loose fitting shift). bummer, bc it is super cute! also, the material is loose crochet - my dress arrived with a pull. sad fa	Dresses
I ordered two sizes. when the package came i was skeptical as it was very light and thin. both shirts were in the bag. the style is just okay. the shirt is extremely light weight. i was not impressed with the fabric. i am returning both. definitely did not think it was worth the price.	Knits
This dress is amazing! it fits true to size, very flattering and the fabric is beautiful!i am 5'4" and it felt a little long for me so i am having it hemmed up one inch, but others may like the hemline just as it is. i like my dresses just right above my knee and it was hitting in the middle of my knee.just love everything about it and would definitely recommend it highly!	Dresses
Overall, a really nice top that is soft and comfortable. the arm length hits nicely on the forearm and the decorative detail at top is well-constructed. didn't keep this since the top made me look quite big in my bust, to the point of not being flattering. top is also a bit boxy, so i'd stay away if you are petite, with a larger bust unless you are okay with that emphasis.	Knits
This dress is just as it appears. it is very well made, lined and falls in heavier but fluid waves. the bodice fit snug and the zipper worked almost perfectly (!). the color is very pink, like pepto bismal but not in a bad way, if that's possible. my husband loved the dress on me but my 22 year old daughter thought it was too pink, too girly... i think i decided it was just too young for me- i'm 53. . alas, i am returning it but i still think fondly of this piece. i am 5'4", 110 lbs and i bought	Dresses
This dress is very flattering and tts. i bought this dress for my brother's wedding at the end of june. i love that it is machine washable, which was the reason i chose this dress instead of another. as another reviewer already mentioned, it is brighter than photographed.	Dresses
When i saw the dress i loved everything about it except the arms made me a little nervous. i ordered it when it went on sale and it turns it the arms are worse then i thought they would be. they are like my grandmother crochet it and accidentally attached my child's dress arms on my dress.	Dresses
Such a great dress! it is super flattering. i love that its not too short on me(i am 5'11).	Dresses
I'm very pleased with my purchase of this dress. it is perfect for dancing or a spring/summer wedding or doing out. it is very flattering on my rather straight/slender/petite frame. i ordered a size 4 and it was tts. if it only had pockets, it would be absolutely perfect!	Dresses
This dress is lovely. timeless style, heavy fabric, only con? a deep front v. i couldn't wear this to church. i'm a 36d.	Dresses
Love the crochet and and it is a great feel with a liner underneath that comes with the dress. a little boxy but another beautiful retailer dress overall :)	Dresses
I do like this top. i bought the cream color and it is flattering, but it is a little shear. i need to wear a cami underneath it. it also seems to be a little on the large side.	Knits
This would be one of my favorite shirts if the neckline were straight across instead of cut, or if it at least had a button. it runs large so the low neck plus bagginess makes it feel too loose for my taste, even though i ordered the xs. the back of the sweater is also really long. it's a comfortable fabric and nice quality though.	Knits
I like this shirt, want to love it. i am keeping this shirt hoping to have better arms by summer when i can where this top with black shorts. this shirt does cling, it's a draping sort of fabric; i love how it drapes in the front. only because i am not happy with my arms do i where a cardi with it. also, the underarm area is rather open so i'll wear a bandeau when i wear this without a cardi.	Knits
The wine color is beautiful, and the idea of a knot front with different back is a good one. however, both fabrics are thin, and the back is quite see through. the knit shows every single bodily imperfection. so, if you are the quintessential tall and thin, and you don't mind showing your bra, go for it! otherwise, i suggest skipping this one.	Knits
The fabric and color are very nice, as is the cut, however this is entirely unsuited to someone as short as i (5'3"). i also have a proportionally short torso, so the split hits in the completely wrong place. someone taller is likely to love this.	Knits
This is a beautiful dress. figure-hugging but covered up in places that need it. color is flattering and soft. wore with bainbridge layered necklace. bought for an afternoon function and wore with pumps. so versatile, will work for church or cocktail party.great purchase!	Dresses
In a word .. clingy ... and not in good way. long so you need it to flow not cling. liked the back, but front was just too clingy. back it goes.	Knits
Great dress! i ordered the extra small petite and it fits perfectly!	Dresses
I just love this. well made, nice fabric and looks just great over pants or jeans. im very pleased with this quirky piece and got it on sale too!	Knits
The fabric is so soft, but it was too roomy in the top and miid-section so it didn't flatter my body.	Knits
This dress is absolutely like a layered cloud! the material is amazingly soft and comfy.	Dresses
I really love this dress, it hangs well and clings in all the right places. i ordered this online and the store that sent it had left the security tag in. i sent it back. the tag was taken out and the dress returned very quickly, and without cost to me.	Dresses
I was really excited to receive this dress. it's a fun concept and different from anything else i have. however, the dress was way too short on me. i'm 5 ft 6 in., and the size medium was way too short. given the thin nature of the material, i did not feel comfortable keeping the dress, even for wearing it outside the office. i will have to return this dress.	Dresses
This dress is exactly what i needed. it's so easily dressed up or down. heels and jewelry for cocktail this time.	Dresses
I ordered this in cream during the 25% sale. i had seen one at the store and thought it was very pretty, but it was not my size, so i didn't try it on. when it arrived, it was a wrinkled mess. it was so wrinkled that i don't think i would be able to iron it satisfactorily. i was also disappointed in the fabric of the dress layer. it almost looked flocked and i wonder if something is wrong with this dress in particular. it was also way too short for me. i'll be taking it back very soon. i do plan	Dresses
This tunic is very cute and incredibly comfortable. it is a bit loose, but you can see that on the model that it hangs off the body. i lose my waist a little bit in this, but think it's a good substitute for a thin sweatshirt and the button detail at the neck is nice if you want to show a little cleavage.	Knits
I love this dress. i'm 5'8", 160 lbs and have no hips, no butt and no waist. i have no curves and thin muscular legs. it's like wearing a cardigan and dress all in one. i paired it with ivory tights and dark brown boots and received tons of compliments.	Dresses
I was so bummed by this dress! i had high hopes when i ordered it, but was surprised by the poor quality and cheap materials when it arrived. the body of the dress is unlined fleece material -- it reminded me of material that they make cheap halloween costumes out of. i found the fit baggy and unflattering.the "shawl" portion is only attached at the very top of the shoulders,very disappointed. i already returned this.	Dresses
This is a beautiful tunic. the colors are vibrant and the stitching is high quality. please note that the insets on the sides are not actual stitching but a print. it is still very pretty. please size down a size. i am usually a large, wearing a 12 or 14 if something runs tight across the bust, i ordered a large and it is a bit big under the arms but too big through the waist area. i am not small in this area either.i would recommend buying this tunic.	Knits
I can't wear this without getting dozens of compliments. plus, it's comfortable! it's very soft. it is perfect with skinny jeans and boots, with pants, or with skirts. i have paired it with pretty much everything in my wardrobe. everyone wants to know where i got it! it's very well made and the embroidery is well done. it doesn't look like it is going to come undone anytime soon.	Knits
And this one proved to be no different. the short end of it; this dress is pretty much super thick, heavy linen with a rope like collar (the supposed embroidery you see), and there is no lining, but completely unnecessary pockets. i'm typically a 2 or 4 depending on the designer (5'7 & a super fit 135 lbs) and knew enough to order an xs in this, however it still fit like a potato sack. even upon taking it out of the plastic bag, i knew it was going back. between the unrealistic pictures and lack	Dresses
This dress is adorable. it simply did not fi off the rack.i invested 15 dollars in alterations to get rid of the very bottom side pockets- why where they even there? and to shape the bottom. basically the dress is straight all the way down the sides.by up and alter....the top pattern and cut at the top made the alteration investment worth it to me- the quality of the fabric is excellent.and the pattern is adorable- can be worn as little black dress, cocktail party or date night. the top de	Dresses
I usually have a hard time with the sizing as retailer carries so many designers but this dolan top fits absolutely true to size. i am an xs and it fits perfectly, drapes exactly as shown and overall, looks exactly as pictured. the color is an off-white with gold beading and tiny white sequins on a mesh overlay which is lined so there is no show-through which i was concerned about. it is not boxy due to the fabric which is very soft and drapes nicely over your curves. there is just enough b	Knits
I bought this dress for summer celebrations. the fabric is beautiful and the colors are soft and enhance the flow of the dress. the fit is true to size and i especially like that it is not too low cut in the front. i will pair it with a light sweater or denim jacket. definitely a dress than can be dressed up or down. very feminine and has a romantic feel.	Dresses
I ordered this tunic in xl and it fits me true to size. it's such a fun piece to wear. i like all of the embroidery which was done in beautiful colors and stitched well. the different fabric and the cut make this a very flattering top. i tie in the green and pink in my jewelry and sweaters when i wear this. it's so comfortable too. i'll get good use out of this top for winter. i like the uniqueness of it.	Knits
Bought this dress for my daughter (teenager) and it is perfect. it is a cute dress, perfect for summer parties, special occasions. it seems to run a little small and wrinkle easily, but over all, she and i both are happy with the dress.	Dresses
This dress turned out to be a huge disappointment!!! i was in loveee with the picture! in real life, not so much. the material felt thin and cheap! and the yellow was super yellow! nothing like the picture. i was so bummed! returned it earlier today...	Dresses
I think this dress is cute! it caught my eye in the store and i got a bunch of compliments when i tried it on. i like the sunny yellow. i plan on wearing it to an outdoor wedding on the amalfi coast of italy in the spring. i am petite - 5'-2", 105lbs and purchased a size 2. i think it may run a little tight in the chest, so perhaps consider sizing up if you have average or larger breasts. i love the pockets! the fabric seems to wrinkle easily, so hopefully i won't be too rumpled after having it	Dresses
I purchased this dress for my graduation. the colors are much more intense and bright then they appear online. i'm kind of concerned that i look like a carnival tent. i like the style but the fabric feels cheap for the cost of the dress. the fabric is 100% synthetic.the fit is great. the dress is true to size	Dresses
Beautiful dress, wonderful fabric, very well made, just runs really small! so sad, i wanted this dress for a special event!	Dresses
I recently purchased this tunic on sale. the cut of this top is flattering on my curvy figure as it has a cinched in waist. the embroidery is lovely and very bright with several shades of colors. i wore this with black leggings,boots and a green cardigan and received many compliments.	Knits
Material is slightly thin- good transitional dress for spring or fall. the waist is not quite as fitted as i would like, but the neck and sleeves are perfect. the length is good, but i am short 5'1" and 105 lbs- xs fit pretty well. a really good purchase- more of a workhorse work dress, and not a wow dress on me, but nice to pair with blazers, jewelry. don't regret the purchase. very comfortable. got compliments when i wore.	Dresses
This is festival dress epitomized. flowery, flowy, romantic styling. so many layers in a muted color pattern, but also retains heat since it's all polyester. good thing the skirt is swishy to air your legs out. my distress is regarding the length. petite was sold out so i bought the regular with the intention of wearing platform wedges. it's still too long! if i hem, i will lose a lot of the pretty blue pattern.	Dresses
I had been eyeing this top for awhile and decided to get it when it went on sale. it is a very nice top. i'm going to pair it with jeans and boots for our florida fall but could see it working with a nice pair of pants. it is roomy so if you're looking for something more fitted than i would pass on this top.	Knits
I love this shirt! it's gorgeous! got it last night, wore it today, and received compliments all day long.i don't normally look good in tunic length tops, but somehow there's magic in this one. the seaming on the front totally hides my post-baby pooch. too bad the baby just turned 3 and my pooch isn't going anywhere ...!adore.	Knits
I love this dress.it is so cute!i have another dress from the same brand (hutch) in almost the exact same shape/style so i was excited to see this one is so similar to the other dress i love.i am 5ft 8in and 145lbs, and medium fits perfectly.it's snug at the top (but not tight) and the skirt is full but not too full.the fabric is slightly thinner than i expected, but still like it a lot. if i could change one thing, it would be one inch longer....hits a tiny bit more above the knee than i t	Dresses
Very flattering. i am 36c and short torso and the small fit like a glove . the medium was a bit loose and gapped some on the side of my breasts. need to wear strapless bra. really cute style and goes with several of the patterned capri pants i bought at retailer this spring !!	Knits
I'm very glad i snatched this up when i did. it is super soft and the perfect length. i love the slight peplum as it makes for a very flattering fit. i can tell this shirt will be a staple year round as it works great with shorts or jeans. for me, i think the large was a tiny bit big in the waist, but it might shrink in the wash. the armholes were nice too, and didn't gap.	Knits
I love this top! it's the perfect lightweight top for summer and the details are so feminine and pretty. the fit is extremely flattering. the arm holes are not too large (i.e. do not have to worry about exposing bra). i think you can dress it up with heels, wear it casually with shorts, & also pairs perfectly with kimonos. i'm 5'4, 130 # and i took my usual retailer size in this, size small.	Knits
Pic doesn't do it justice, very flattering. i got it in navy. definitely worth the sale price!	Knits
Tried the xs in store (and 115 lbs, 30dd, 5'1.5"): fit like a glove, the chest part was fitted on me, the white is almost not see through, but nowadays, that seems acceptable (see though). the material is typical of meadow rue, cotton like, and airy. it is a basic white with styling. the top part also has some dimension, i overall thought this would look nice with my white shorts or with some nice jeans and blazer.	Knits
I love the color block concept but this top was way too boxy. the shirt was pretty much square. and the top was super itchy, too. looks so cute online but no-go in person.	Knits
I received this in the mail today and i liked it from the minute i tried it on and looked in the mirror. it is a unique piece to compliment black pants or jeans. i hope to be able to wear it with leggings if it covers my bum so i will have to try it on with leggings to see. the fabric is nice and it fits well and compliments my figure. it is longer as it appears on the model. i do recommend you give it a try especially at the sale price!	Knits
This is a beautiful, simple, yet feminine top. a little tight in the bust on me - so i had to size up (and i am not busty). for reference, i am 117 5'3 34b. i'm probably in between a small and x-small on this - but went with the small.	Knits
I had high hopes with the other positive reviews, but it didn't work on me. nice stretchy fabric and nice length but it was bunchy in the front and didn't lay well, and didn't do my bust any favors. maybe better on those less pear shaped. hopeless on me.	Knits
I ordered my normal size and found that this top runs large. i wanted to tie the front ties tighter to accentuate my waist, but even so it was still quite loose. the fabric is very stretchy and thin, and the top was longer on me than pictured in the model. for reference, i am 5'-7" 155lbs, usually wear a medium/8 in a top. this medium was too large.	Knits
I love this shirt, i had my eye on it for awhile but wasn't sure what size i'd be, so i went to the store to try. they only had a small which i figured i would be but it was a little large and not as fitted as i would like it across the chest. i got an xs and it was perfect; i am 5'1 about 120 lbs and a small c cup and it fits great. i love it!!	Knits
I like the top; like the tie in the front. the material is stretchy. would imagine this will work for any size of chest. i wear either a small or medium, so thought i'd be safe order the medium, which turned out to fix more like a large. i'm taking it back for the small.....as it's a keeper.	Knits
I am currently loving anything that crosses or ties around the stomach area to hide what's left from my most recent pregnancy. this tunic fits the bill. the material has the perfect amount of stretch and the length was just right. i am very petite and bought my usual size xs. i would have liked to try this tunic in a petite size, but then it may have been too short. i plan on wearing this to work with leggings and for running errands once the weather warms up.	Knits
Love, love, this top! it's flattering (shows off your shoulders) soft and has delicate embroidery. i typically order a xxsp in antro tops as i'm very petite but decided to order both xxsp and xxs, just to see the difference. the xxs worked better as the xxsp was too short in length and kind of looked like i was trying to fit into a child size top. the xxs is a perfect length. it's my new favorite and i can see keeping this in my wardrobe for a long, long, time.	Knits
I received this today and will have to send it back. it is super cute and the quality is great. however, you need to wear a bra or a halter bra due to the style which is not a proble, but my 32d chest looked huge in this top so it is going back.	Knits
The lightweight knit and flattering colors made this top so perfect for me that i bought it for full price. it's big, so i'd size down. you'll still get a forgiving shape, flattering colors and just a really nice option for work or off hours.	Knits
Lovely cut, pretty creamy color, great top for strong shoulders, however. the upper section of this top is way more sheer than it appears in the photos. there is no bra that would really work with it--unless you want to embrace the undergarment visibility and go with one that has really pretty straps. just be sure the bra fits especially well, because any back fat will absolutely show. if you go without a bra, though: headlights. so there's that.	Knits
I absolutely love this top and it looks absolutely fabulous (the first time you wear it). the details are impeccable and you'll get compliments all day long. i paired it with a jean jacket and my favorite "destroyed" skinnies for an outing in tx wine country. there are a couple of key things to note. when you pull this top on... mind your make-ups. you can and will get make-up on the collar... and so, apply this shirt on carefully... or your make-up (vice-versa). now, after the fist wear, which	Knits
This top is fun, in a soft fabric - i got the navy ad bright - great for summer. but top does run large, i usually get a medium, but sized down to a small.	Knits
This top is absolutely gorgeous, but i followed the care tag to a t and it completely fell apart in the wash. will be returning.	Knits
I read the other reviews before i ordered this top and was a little concerned about the fabric, but it's fine. the neutral color is a little bland, but i can wear it with bright pants. since i expected it to run large i ordered a small. the tie in the front makes it fit like a dream, plus it looks amazing from the back.	Knits
Love this shirt. i am actually pregnant and this shirt ties right over my baby bump to make for a very flattering pregnancy shirt. i will definitely be wearing it post pregnancy as well since the tie is an actual tie and you can tie it however tight you want for a more fitted or loose look. i am 5'4 125 lbs (not pregnant) and got a size small. and it fits perfectly. covers problems areas of butt and upper thighs, yet accentuates the waist. and thinner area of legs. very soft fabric, a bit stretc	Knits
This looked so odd on me! i decided to give it to someone with a different body type and she found it really odd too. the sleeve are a bit too long to be short and they are tight at the bottom. the top is really large, as to be unflattering. perhaps it's just that it doesn't work on someone who is petite, but this one is a return.	Knits
Love this top. it's very comfortable, and flatters my midsection. versatile piece.	Knits
I liked the idea of the diagonal color block but the fit of this tee was odd on me. too tight around arms and way big and boxy around the mid-section. going back.	Knits
I love this tee! i got the navy color and the quality is good. it's a light and soft linen that is opaque. (i can't vouch for the other color though). it's a very loose fit,but it's not boxy and the sleeves are still well fitted and comfortable instead of gaping or huge. i'm very short and the xsp comes to my hip. i'm almost tempted to get the other other in regular just so i can tuck it with skirts and pants too... the only issue i could see is that because the neck is a bit wide, it might show	Knits
I am very pleased with this purchase. a nude colored racer back bra works perfectly under it and does not show through.  i have worn this with jean shorts and linen pants and it looks great with both. it is slightly on the dressy side so i also plan to wear it to work paired with a skirt or dress pants and a cardigan.  i am a 34a and size small fits nicely.	Knits
I saw this shirt and it was love at first sight. i have never had so many strangers randomly compliment me until i wore this beautiful top. fits great, looks even better.	Knits
Lovely, comfortable top. not flattering on my full figure but would be flattering on most--especially younger women who want to emphasize their curves~~	Knits
This was such a great top! see thoughts below!___________pros:- fits tts. for reference, i'm 5'9, 36c, hourglass. i'm normally a m or l (10 or 12) depending on the fit and found the medium to fit well and not be too tight at all. i could have probably sized down for a snugger fit, but i like the looseness. fit very well across the chest and arms.- the sleeves are surprisingly flattering. i've dealt with other tops where the sleeves flutter too much and adds too much weight and attentio	Knits
I love this top. i've washed it a couple of times now and i can say it holds pretty well unlike what another reviewer said. it's very good quality, for me it is true to size, i'm 5'2, 127lbs, 36b and the small was perfect. i wear it with a strapless bra. overall, a great purchase that i can pair with almost anything.	Knits
This one will be going back. the color is really blah and the fabric wasn't a texture i was expecting--it is kind of thick and ribbed and i suspect it would stretch out over the course of the day. overall, the cut and style is cute, but i just felt like i was wearing a hospital gown with the combination of the fabric and the style. this may have been cute in a more vibrant color and lighter weight fabric.	Knits
The cut, design, and fit were great on this top. however, a few people have written reviews that the top is not see-through. that was not my experience. the top was very sheer and even a nude bra was clearly outlined in it. sadly that was a deal breaker for me and i had to return it. also, on a side note i don't appreciate receiving a garment in the mail from an online order that already had make-up stains on the collar. so just watch out for that.	Knits
Ugh. i wanted to love this dress so much. i ordered it for a fall wedding and was so excited about it. unfortunately the cut is so very different from how it is pictured on the model. the color and print are the same, the detailing around the next are even more beautiful than pictured. the length, however is so much longer then pictured. and it's not just an issue of the model being tall. the slip is the perfect length (and it's actually the perfect slip), but the overlay comes down way past my	Dresses
This dress is just right for weddings and all-it fits nicely-the skirt makes it fun and it feels so comfortable-itis just a perfect solution for fun evening dress-i always carry a camera to weddings and this will be so great towear while i am taking photos.it looks current but easy to move around in-	Dresses
I am so glad i did not wait to order this dress. the fit is great and is made with great material. i am 5' 7", 110 lbs and ordered a 0. often i have to have a dress altered but it is not the case with this dress. the length falls right at my knee. it is not shown in the photos of the dress but it has a buttoned back slit that has two buttons with a bright orange trim along the slit. a very cure feature. the bright blue back drop is hard to see on the photos as well but is nice.	Dresses
This shirt is so cute! i was unsure about how flowy the sleeves would be- as i'm not one for frills- but the sleeves sit nicely. also, i am between a size small and medium, i got the small and it definitely is flowy. runs big, so if you like a tighter fit you may want to order a size down. i got the red and it's a perfect autumn / winter color. the cut outs are not too showy- so it's not revealing for us gals who are a little more belly-conscious. it's the perfect shirt to just throw on and go a	Knits
Purchased this tee online and could not be happier with what arrived in my mailbox. this tee is perfect to throw on to run errands or out to lunch. the fabric is so soft, fit is true to size, i don't like tight fitting shirts, if you do i suggest ordering down a size. overall great detail, fit and just as pictured!	Knits
I love the look of this shirt. it is super soft and has a great draping quality. i personally love that the mid-stomach seem is see through, but if you didn't like that, you could easily wear a tank under it. overall good buy!	Knits
I didn't realize how much i would love this. wore it to work the other day and got more compliments than i have in a very long time on an outfit! it's comfortable and easy and flattering. bought this totally on a whim and so glad i did!	Knits
I love this dress! the design and colors used are beautifully done. it looks stunning on. can be worn for work or dressed up.	Dresses
I am 5'6" and typically wear a medium. i purchased this shirt in a small. it is big on me. not very flattering but just a cute shirt to wear on a saturday afternoon.	Knits
I wasn't excited enough about this to purchase it, but i did like it. i am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.	Knits
The material is super soft and the color is spot on. i have red hair, so purchasing a top in any red tone can be iffy...great transitional top for spring, summer and fall seasons! i accidentally dried mine, (thankfully only on the lowest heat setting) and it shrunk, but just the length a bit. one of my fave retailer purchases.	Knits
Pretty color, flattering fit. the flesh-baring lace inset in the middle required me to wear a tank.	Knits
Tried this on in store. was ill-fitting and sheer.	Knits
I expected this dress to be pretty, but was happily surprised at the level of beautiful detail. it's hard to tell in the pictures, but the dress has a black background with tan embroidery all over, and white embroidered eyelets. the full lining is bright blue and it peeks through the eyelets, with the slit on the back and the inside of the neckline lined in bright orange. the slit on the back has two buttons closing it - a really cute detail. it fit me comfortably (i am 5'7" and 130 - got the si	Dresses
I agree with the previous reviewer that the fabric and details are beautiful, but with the shirring from the neckline and absolutely no fitting anywhere, my shape got totally lost and i looked huge. the difference in length of the dress and slip really bothered me, as well. possibly great for pregnancy, because you look like your about 8 1/2 months anyway.	Dresses
I don't usually write reviews, but i loved this dress in the store and would have passed it right over online. the skirt is a charcoal color and the top is an antique white. it gives the appearance of a separate crop top. i would usually wear a small (5'2" and 125 lbs.). i'm wearing a small in the photo, but ended up going back for an xs. the dress could go more casual with flats or boots and a scarf, or dressier with heels and jewelry. i think i'll get a lot of use out of it.	Dresses
This is such a cute and flattering top. it isn't a style i would normally gravitate to, but i liked the color so i thought i'd try it on. i ended up trying on the medium because they were out of my usual large and it fits great. it drapes really nicely and looks super cute with jeans and booties. the little stripe of ladder lace around the middle is a bit see thru but not revealing. it's a nice top for transitioning from summer to fall.	Knits
I was looking for a holiday dress to wear to the nutcracker and what is more appropriate than a tulle skirt?! the tulle lays fairly flat so it's flattering rather than being poufy. the top is a thick material, but not quite sweater material. since the top is warmer, it should be fine for winter even with short sleeves (and a cute cardigan or furry coat#. i'm going to sparkle it up a bit with a necklace or belt, but it also looks fine without extra accessories. fits true to size, i'm typically a	Dresses
This dress is so cute. i couldn't make it work because my long torso.	Dresses
Soft fabric. great color for fall and sophisticated detail at waist, sleeves. a keeper!	Knits
I love the color and the cut! it fits well and i have a large bust. hangs very pretty.	Knits
This is a dress worth paying full price for, based on the good construction and lacework. i got it for an office event, and although it is low-backed, the high neckline makes up for that! no jewelry necessary with the high collar. i am 5'10 and 135lbs, built like a column, so i got the 6. definitely not for full-figured women, unless you want it long. very cool orange lining and buttons on the back vent.	Dresses
I saw this dress on the mannequin and wanted to try it on because it was so lovely. it was beautifully constructed... the lace is pretty, and the skirt is almost a grayish green, not quite black. however, due to my body type, it didn't quite work. the top cut in too high on me and made me look a bit short waisted. it was beautiful, just not quite the look i wanted. for the record, i'm 5'8", 125 pounds, and wore a size 2 in this.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress! not too interested in yellow but needed it for a wedding this summer. i usually wear a large but returned it for a medium - the large armhole was a little too big. super comfortable and easy.	Dresses
Look closely and you will be surprised at this awesome print! the shirt is very soft and comfy. be warned that it runs huge. i usually wear a medium or large in this brand. after many tries, i ended up with a small and it is roomy. this looks so cute under a jacket too.	Knits
This dress ran large--maybe because the pleats made this dress too roomy. the dress hung on my right shoulder but the dress did not hold up at all on the left side of my body, maybe because i have a short torso/petite frame. i loved the yellow color for summer--it would have made for a nice dress to wear for a wedding. unfortunately, i had to return it.	Dresses
As other reviewers have stated it is hard to see in the photos that the dress has iridescent blue/pink/lavender sequins. i was surprised as well but in a good way. i think it has a unique look and is so pretty and romantic. its a vision of shimmer when you are walking. if you have somewhat of a bust i would size up because the triangles run a little small. other than that its a beautiful dress.	Dresses
Contrary to some of the reviews posted the dress is not excessively sheer. you can't see black underwear thru the fabric, but you can see the body's silhouette in front of a light source. it's not lingerie sheer, but more like a medium weight gauze (without the wrinkles). if you're older or modest the sheerness may bother, otherwise (due to the print) it shouldn't be much of a factor.now on to the size... i'm a plus size girl (size 18) and based on reviews saying the dress was huge, i ordere	Dresses
I really wished i had heeded the other reviews of this "dress". it is so ridiculously oversized i cannot imagine who this possibly would look good on. i ordered the sm/med and when i took it out of the package i thought i had accidentally been sent a bed sheet and said "are you kidding me?!" by the time you cinch the neckline so the fabric is somewhat close to your body the neckline is almost to your waist and you look 50 lbs heavier. horrible design retailer. i don't know which dress the	Dresses
I was so looking forward to an awesome maxi dress. this was not it. completely see through. i guess you could wear it as a bathing suit cover up. but be prepared to knot the length or you will trip. its an odd design. absolutely not worth the price. i purchased the sm/md and i could have for two of me in the dress. returned this piece without looking back	Dresses
You can adjust this dress a bit with the straps but it's huge! the colors were also a bit grayish which i didn't expect.	Dresses
The dress is very pretty, but the sequins are dark blue! i imagined they would be silver/gold, given the photo, but the dress is essentially light pink and blue.	Dresses
I wore this dress to a couple different summer parties already, and i love it! it looks better belted on my curvy frame. i really like that the straps are adjustable and the versatility of this dress! perfect lightweight material in this summer heat. i'm not sure why reviews say its sheer- its not sheer at all! the fabric isn't hugging your body at all and you just need nude colored undergarments.	Dresses
I really love the feel of the fabric on this dress. when you first take it from the package it resembles a tent, but once you figure out how to scrunch the front and back around the straps, it resembles the photo. the fabric is very soft and the indigo colors are amazing. this dress is perfect over a swimsuit or for casual gatherings. you can even dress it up with a belt. it is somewhat sheer, but does look cute with a cropped jacked over it.	Dresses
I bought this dress for a holiday party, and the sequins on the dress were so much more blue that what it looks like in the photo. i still liked it, but when i went to try it on, it was just not working. i thought this was more of a loosely fitted look, but the upper bodice and waist seam are very tightly fitted. i would recommend sizing up, but be aware that the top straps (shoulder to breast) are too loose to begin with, so they may sag.overall, i wouldn't recommend this dress for the curren	Dresses
I was very surprised to see such dark blue sequence on this dress. it did not appear as it did on the photo. i was pretty disappointed by the color. the photo of the dress is much more impressive.	Dresses
I bought this dress for an early fall wedding, i usually wear a size 14 and bought a large. it was loose and swingy, very comfortable, almost too big. i would size down if you are in between. this dress was so easy to wear, i would definitely bring it on vacation. you can pair any type of shoes- flats, sandals, heels, wedges would all look good.	Dresses
I really loved this dress. it ran small but it was also shorter than i imagined which was only worsened because i'm curvier on top. would be great for slender figures.	Dresses
I wanted to wear this for my journey to cuncun and i wanted the blight pink as photo however it was a dark pink which didn't fit to me unfortunately... but the design was pretty!	Dresses
Soft and cozy every day tee that can be dressed up or worn casually. only compliant is i wish it came in more colors!	Knits
Got this in wine, very pretty and soft. but so sheer, even with the dark color one would have to wear a cami. returning for this reason. having to wear a cami wrecks the otw ultra-comfort.	Knits
I love this romper! it has a retro look to it, is super soft, and has a whimsical retailer print. the pink color is the perfect shade too. the fit is great and i had no problems getting it on or off.	Dresses
When i first tried on this romper, i grabbed a 6 (my normal size) but because of my bust size, i could not even get the top half to cover me at all. i decided to give this romper another go a month later, and tried on the 8...it made all the difference! i love it, it fits amazing, and it is just too cool.	Dresses
I ordered this in a size small for a pre-wedding brunch in dc in october. i am 5' 4" and usually wear a m in dresses and a s in retailer tops. this dress is full and flowy, but the top is less generous if you are full-busted.. i am a 34 dd and the top of the dress is almost too small. i love it so much and it is so flattering and fun, so i decided to keep it. i can see wearing this on many more occasions.	Dresses
Just not the right color for my skin tone (though lovely pink). i didn't see the green in person, but probably nice too.the cut is well fitted at the waist, elastic band. i will say, however, that it was almost hard to pull the shoulders over (doesn't unbutton past waist). fabric is soft and flowey, length on the regular was mid-though for me, i am a tad oder, so it was nice... if i were younger, i would get petite.for reference: 115 lbs, 30 dd, 26.5 inch waist	Dresses
I thought the design was adorable. i ordered up bc of reviews and i am glad i did. i am a size 6 so i ordered a size 8. the upsize is needed so u can get into the top part of the romper. otherwise it would be mission impossible. it's a pain to get on and off as all rompers are but it's soo cute it's worth it. had compliments on it the first day i wore it.	Dresses
The dress looks beautiful online, and fits the model great. when i got mine, the arm holes were incredibly too tight. everything else about the fit was perfect--length, bust/waist-- but i could barely drop my arms down when i tried it on. unfortunately it will be going back.	Dresses
This is a great piece to add to your wardrobe! the flowy and light feel of the fabric is great. i got the pink, which surprised me because i wear so much black. the length fits longer than most rompers, which is great. it makes it a classic fit. i definitely recommend this and suggest trying a size up- the waist has elastic, but it's snug.	Dresses
Fabric is not as rich as shown in photo. dress much shorter than shown in photo. shoulder area is tight and really doesn't blend with the material below. this isn't going to work on very many people - pear shape...just not what i've come to expect from retailer.	Dresses
In the words of my husband, "looks like you're wearing a bag." i'm althetic and short. maybe this works best on tall and very slim?	Dresses
Quite possibly, one of the most flattering, beautiful, and effortlessly romantic dresses i have ever tried on. and, to top it off, it has a sweet surprise: the silk slip on the inside of the dress has the same print as the outside shell, and it is so lovely, that if you feel like wearing something short and sweet, you can wear the slip as its own dress.runs true to size, to maybe just a little bit big--if you have a smaller bustline and narrow hips, you might be able to size down.it's cr	Dresses
I've been hesitant to try on rompers, in part because they seem complicated and i also too worry that i would look a bit like mutton disguised as lamb in one of them! however, i saw this romper and fell in love with the pattern and had to try it on! the pattern and color are wonderful, and i instantly felt glamorous, like betty grable in a cute cheesecake photograph! i had to buy it, and have since received tons of compliments on it (and i have yet to feel that i am too one foot in the grave t	Dresses
This is a lovely embroidered (hard to see in the pictures) shift that i purchased to wear to a fancy fundraiser. it has vintage '60s lines that are fun. very forgiving fit. i am 5'5" 125 lbs with a 32dd bust and purchased a 4 petite (for a great price!!!). i might alter it so it has a bit of a waist curve, but that is minor.	Dresses
This romper is cute. i won't deny that. however, the rayon fabric made me really feel like i was wearing pajamas. i was afraid it would wrinkle horribly. however, the real problem with this romper is how hard it is to get on and off your shoulders. i'm short, but have a little wider shoulders, so, perhaps that was the issue. it seems like another reviewer had the same problem. there are only two snaps from the waist up and nothing to open it further from the waist down, so, i had to do some cont	Dresses
I ordered this in lime, which is one of my fave colors. the garment was loose and roomy, and had the designer used elastic anywhere on the waist, i would have been in love! the shoulders were only tight due to the lack of flexibility in the bottom - no elastic at the waist and no placket below the waist to increase the ease of mobility taking the garment on and off - so if i had to use the ladies' room, i had to plan ahead. i took it on a trip and didn't have time to try on prior to leaving.	Dresses
I got this dress on sale (under 20 dollars) but i would pay more! it runs very large - i got a medium which is roomy, irl i wear a large (vanity sizing i suppose!). the colors are so pretty, it is lined so you don't need a slip or cami. highly recommend!	Dresses
Buy it. buy it right now! this dress is gorgeous, and would be on anyone. i don't care what size you are, it's so pretty, that you feel pretty in it! i loved wearing it, and since i am in florida, i can wear it all year long. so it's worth it. happy, very happy, with this purchase!	Dresses
I like the color and design. it looked super cute when i tried it on, but when i brought it home, i washed it in the washing mashine and hung it to dry and it shrank before i even got to wear it. be careful with washing it!	Dresses
I am pretty standard size 8, 36c, 5&amp;#39;6&amp;quot;, 150 lbs. i ordered the small and the bust fit well but the whole thing was like a tent and way too flowy for my taste. it was also long so everything was very covered. i didn&amp;#39;t feel it flattered my build. i returned!	Dresses
After multiple purchase and returns (from other sites!) i decided to splurge on a dress for my college graduation (located beach side). this dress was better than i could have hoped. the fit is very flattering, loose & tight in all the right places. the adjustable straps underneath the overlay ensure the silk lays perfectly. the colors are gorgeous and the fabric is light as a feather. the slight train & back buttons adds elegance to an otherwise "casual" floral pattern. i would highly recommend	Dresses
I love rompers and this one is really cute. i usually wear size 12 but should have got a 10, it runs big. it seems too long, and i'm 5'9". the prints cute but a little blah. i paid $158 which is too much, since i haven't worn it yet, i should have waited for it to go on sale.	Dresses
Love this romper! once on, feels comfy like pjs but looks put together. i find bending forward at the waist helps to get it off and on. tiny complaint is that the top snap shows, even when closed. that is minor. the rest is all good.	Dresses
The bottom part of this romper is easy to put on, but the top is very poorly designed. it needs a zipper at the side or less of a yoke along the back. you have to wrangle your limbs in somehow and i was afraid it might tear. once i got it on, it fit perfectly though. getting out of it was a disaster. i had to ask a saleswoman for help and was so afraid it might rip. overall, i was crushed that it didn't work out because the print is super cute and it is very flattering.	Dresses
So, this is just the most lovely romper. beautifully made, flowey. very comfortable, until you have to take it off.this is the review i posted on facebook. so, no man i know has ever ever ever experienced the abject terror, or maybe has not shared with me, that moment when you cannot get out of, because it has turned into a straight jacket, that otherwise cute romper. and again, maybe a man invented it!	Dresses
A fun, casual romper. i loved the pink color (not usually my thing), which looks great with darker skin. like another reviewer said, the waist is quite small so i would recommend sizing up one or two sizes (i took a size 6 in this, but am usually a 2/4) - this will make the top part a bit blousy, but i think that adds to the appeal/ look.	Dresses
Love this quirky romper. i'm normally a m/l or 10/12 and took a large in this. as the other reviews stated, it's a bit of a contortion act to get into and out of this but when in it fits well, is flattering and oh so cute.	Dresses
Really, this top feels like a wonderfully expensive soft silk knit. it is just so very soft. the drape is really nice and there is stretch to it, making it very comfortable. it does have a tendency to fall towards the body, even though it's loose. so, i'd buy your regular size.it's a thin material, but i don't think it's sheer at all. i bought the dark red/wine color and it's so classy! i love it. this will fit taller women easily because the arms and total length are on the long side (i sup	Knits
This dress is timeless. so cute on and fits easily. i like that it has long sleeves yet it is a light fabric. comfortable and stylish. that is for me! i am taking it this weekend to nyc for a trip. i think i will fit right in!	Dresses
This romper is fabulous! i bought it in lime, and the color is great and perfect for summer. i do agree with the other reviewers that it's hard to get in and out of the sleeves (hence giving it only 4 starts for quality#, but the struggle is worth it. the fabric is lightweight and silky, so it feels cool and soft; it feels like wearing pjs. it's also very flattering with the bow just at the waist; it hides a not-so-flat tummy. i'm 5'4", between 135 and 140, and curvy #very busty specifically), a	Dresses
I tried this top on before it went on sale but thought the price was too high. as soon as it went on sale i scooped it up and i'm glad i did. i'm usually always a small in retailer tops and this was no exception. i'm tall and thin with a large bust but this top does not pull or bind in the chest because it's cut on the bias. it is a little low but i've been wearing it for parties. it might be too low for work depending on the setting. i don't usually wear green but this is a very muted and pretty	Knits
I loved the dress, but just not dressy enough after rethinking what i needed. very easy order and return. thanks!	Dresses
This shirt drapes beautifully. forgiving fabric in a beautiful taupe. it is a bit low cut, i wear a camisole underneath. true to size.	Knits
The green color is beautiful. i love the cut and material - it feels luxurious. definitely needs ironing before wear but is a must have	Knits
This top is lightweight and flows nice. i usually take a medium or large. i ordered a medium and it is slightly large. so if you are between sizes, i would go down. i will keep the medium because it isn't the type of blouse that should hug your body. the green is stunning.	Knits
This top is a very comfortable, very easy top to wear. it is perfect for laying with work clothes or styling a bit more casually for just wearing out and about. i ordered it in the light blue color and it is beautiful- very soft and feminine. the ruffle lays really well down the front, which i was concerned about because of how busty i am. i ordered a small and it fits just right. i think the knit back really helps with that. very nice!	Knits
I bought the bronze color which was nice but the cut just hung like a dust rag, no fit , no drapevery unfinished looking. though i bought it on sale on sale, it is not worth keeping. over all it was not a worthwhile blouse to keep.	Knits
This dress is lovely (albeit darker than it appears on the website), but i had to return. it runs way small?i usually comfortably where an l or xl in maeve (this brand), and could not even get this l on. would really only recommend for xs or s ladies (maybe m) who have the possibility of going larger. if you do purchase, absolutely size up 1-2 sizes.	Dresses
I'm not usually a fan of ruffles, but this blouse has a very smooth and flowing, front. it's flattering and feminine without looking frilly. easy to dress up or down.	Knits
This top had potential, but the cut is very boxy and not fitted at all like the front picture shows. the picture from the back is much more representative of what it looks like. i'm 5'7", 135lbs and normally wear either an xs or s and the xs in this was still huge and boxy, but very short with tight sleeves (i have small arms so hardly ever have an issue with tight sleeves). the small fit better as far as length and and sleeves, but still very boxy. the pattern and cutouts are very cute, but thi	Knits
I don't ever do ruffles - i'm a 36ddd - but these laid so nicely and the vertical ruffle is very flattering for a less than flat tummy. the knit back is so soft and makes this easy to wear. it will be easy to dress up with a necklace, blazer and dressy pants but it will go just as nicely on it's on with jeans for a casual look. if there had been the mint color in my size, i would have gotten it too!	Knits
The dress is beautiful but runs small so unfortunately i have to return it.	Dresses
This blouse is a great combination of silky and professional in the front and more casual, t-shirt like in the back. the ruffle lies nicely, and it's very feminine. i got the light blue color, and can't wait for the weather to be warm enough to wear this to work!	Knits
The shirt cuts too high up and is very awkward looking on. sent it back. wouldn't buy even on sale.	Knits
I purchased the green in xs and it fits perfect. it's very flattering. also, i purchased the blue in xxsp (only size available), but it was too short.	Knits
I usually pass on ruffles but this top is great! luckily i walked by this in the store and had to try it on. the material is very soft and can easily be converted from work to a night out. the v-neck is flattering and the ruffles lay nicely- i purchased this in the taupe but the green is beautiful too and will purchase it as well.	Knits
Shirtdresses are a warm weather favorite for me, and this one will surely make its way into my regular rotation. the outer cotton eyelet is intricate and beautiful. the color, cornflower blue, is endlessly flattering for many complexions. the cut is classic with the twist of the handkerchief hemline, and the length is work appropriate. per a previous reviewer, i sized up to ensure a fit across the bust and am glad i did. overall, the fit is not totally perfect on me, but it's still great and gar	Dresses
Beautiful color and flattering design!cons: tends to get wrinkled and you have to be careful about ironing. i ended up buying the shirt twice because i burned a hole in it while trying to use a poor quality hotel iron. i didn't even have a chance to wear it, but i loved the shirt so much that i bought it again since it was a good sale price.	Knits
I was taking my time with this purchase i needed a top for a pair of ombr silk pants that i had tailored to fit. but everytime i put these pants on i couldn't find any top to come close to match..especially since the pants are for a more sophisticated look. well this top fits that perfectly and i'm excited to pair them for a nice dinner out. plus i was equally excited when i could pair the top with my jeans and sandals.	Knits
This is a gorgeous dress. the color is absolutely stunning and looks true to the photos online. the dress is a little too short and tight for a work dress, but too thick for a summer dress. it would be perfect for a date night, but since i have enough date dresses, and not that many dates...i opted not to purchase. it is gorgeous but i would suggest sizing up because i could barely zip in my standard size and the seams would definitely give after sitting.	Dresses
This shirt was on sale, and it was a good price. that is where the goods ended... the shirt was not flattering. i sent it back asap!	Knits
Very cute but a little short. currently pregnant so i'm hoping it will hang better in a few months	Knits
The design is beautiful but it was thick and too warm for a summer event i was planning on wearing it to.also, the seam below the chest was uncomfortable.needed to return	Dresses
Fancy and fun. i love the green and the texture. shiny outside and soft inside. flattering fit and a little whimsical and dressy or casual.	Knits
I love this top which gives you the look of a blouse but the ease of a t-shirt! the sky blue color is spectacular. the details of this top are beautiful and very flattering! i am tall at 5'8" and it was plenty long enough. i ordered my typical size s and it was perfect. it is cut to follow the lines of the body. i can't wait until the spring so i can wear it! it would be great if it was available in more colors.	Knits
I love the front of this shirt but i really should have paid more attention to the details of it. i would have realized the front and back are different materials, which i am not a fan of. i would have preferred the entire thing was made of the dressier front material instead of the jersey back. it's like a mullet, business in the front and party in the back. it's got great drape and is a beautiful blue though, so into rotation it goes.	Knits
Really unattractive shirt. nothing good i can say about it. horrible fit. i can't imagine this would look good on anyone.	Knits
I did not have the same experience as the reviewers. this shirt is not what i thought. the front is low cut and i would have to wear something under it. i could not wear this to work, and i would not wear it in public. the fabric isn't bad, but feels flimsy.the fit is tight. i wear a small, or xs in most shirts, and this was ordered in a small and it was tight. i did like the green though, and the color in person is nicer than what is pictured.	Knits
I fell in love with this top the minute i saw it, best of all, i was not disappointed when i tried it on. the fabric is soft and looks classy, the color is a rich and deep emerald green and the quality is really nice. you can dress it up or down depending on the occasion, this top will look gorgeous with a nice pair of jeans or a dressy skirt. true to size :)	Knits
I just love this blouse! it fits well and is really feminine and pretty. i paired it with a skirt and received lots of compliments!	Knits
The quality and design of this top is great and it goes well with my skinny jeans and wide-leg linen trousers. only thing is that it does need to air dry or i imagine it will shrink up which would not be good for taller frames. i'm slim, 5'8" and got an xs and it fits just right. the carbon color appears to have hints of blue/purple on screen, but it's actually a plain dark gray.	Knits
Cute, comfortable, easy to wear, even on my hourglass figure. can't decide the best shoes to wear with this - so it doesn't look frumpy.	Dresses
The smocking is beautiful. the fabric is soft and flowy, it is not too sheer for work. the blouse fits tts. i have this in 3 colors and take the xs and have even bought the xxs. for reference, i am a 32 b.5'8" and 110lbs. it is a nice layering length and is not boxy. the armholes fit nicely. i wish they still had the blue.	Knits
I bought this dress for my upcoming rehearsal dinner in early fall. i love the romantic lace and ivory color for the occasion. i ordered my typical size 10. it hits me right where it does on the model and it fits well on top, but the dress "bells" more than the images let on. i didn't want to size down in fear that the neck would be too tight, so i took it to an alterations specialist to get a lot of the lace fabric trimmed off. she took it in a little at the waste and the underarm, and hacked q	Dresses
I am 6'2" and athletically built, and i usually have issues with dresses being long enough for me, but this beauty has the perfect fit and perfect length. it is very flattering. the weight of the dress allows it to move with you. it is form-fitting, but loose at the same time, so your body doesn't look lost in the material. you can dress it up with heels, or wear it with boots or sandals to be a bit more casual.	Dresses
This is one of the best tops i've ordered. it fits well, it can be worn dressy or casual. what is pictured is what you get. if you are considering this top, it can be worn all year round! the price is not outrageous, and the quality seems it could last for more than one season.	Knits
I ordered this in a small petite. with tracy reese i never really know what to expect in terms of sizing. i'm 5 ft tall about 118 pounds. i'm in between a 4 petite and a 6 petite depending on the brand, broad shouldered, slim hipped and very short waisted. i found this dress to fit a little large. it was quite shapeless on me though i did like the wide scoop neck.i'm sending this back sadly. quality is nice, though a bit thin for winter time.	Dresses
Take a look at this dress in person or on instagram. the model photos on this website make it look washed out and bridal. irl the lace is a gorgeous ivory tone that looks great casual and dressed up. i'll be wearing this with leather and denim! i chose the smallest of my size range and it fits very comfortably. if you are busty you may want to size up. i am 135# 36c 38/27/35 and i bought size 8.	Dresses
Great spring colors that you really can wear just about any time of year with the right foot wear! the fabric is a fluid jersey that drapes well. the neck line is a substantial scoop which is very flattering. i am very happy with this online purchase!	Dresses
I did not even pause over this dress on line - a white lace dress now? well, my local retailer at lenox atlanta - which has a petites department - had this dress in the window with a jean jacket. being a lace geek, i went in to find it. i am a big fan of the feminine and dressy, dressed down. great window display idea!this picture does not "do anything" for the dress except wash out the true color. the lining is ivory - that vintage sepia photo look ivory. the lace is lovely ivory too, and the	Dresses
It's amazing!i did size down on this one, but i didn't have to. that depends on the kind of fit you are looking for. sizing down did make the shirt more form fitting in my chest area, but also did make the garment somewhat less comfortable in the armpit area for being tighter (but not too tight). my normal size would have alleviated this problem, but also would have left the shirt with not a whole lot of shape. i opted to have a little shape and deal with the fabric slightly digging into my	Knits
This is a very pretty, delicate, comfortable dress. i think it fits tts - maybe even a little large. i got the ps which is my usual size and it fit perfectly.the only complaint i have is that the photo is misleading. on the dress i received there was nothing to hook the buttons into (no loops as in the photo) so the whole front of the dress has to be unbuttoned. i wish i was able to button 1 or 2 as in the photo.	Dresses
This cute dress has a built in slip, so no need for a slip . i think it has a flattering fit and the colors are pretty!i feel like i could wear this dress to a shower, out to dinner, or just for a fun look to shop on a nice day!	Dresses
Just buy this dress! the slip, the hem, the print. everything about it!!	Dresses
Love everything about the dress! my only issue is when i washed it (cold water and hand wash cycle) is shrank about a half a size. i only washed the inner slip portion and let it air dry as well. so its fits a little snug, but fortunately the outer part is very flowy so it doesn't look too tight!!	Dresses
Best dress ever maeve does it again! tts and can be worn all 3 seasons here in sacramento love it and can be worn with a denim jacket or cardigan!	Dresses
Such a cute dress, i ordered the black version. i'm large busted (dd) and the slip thankfully fit (sometimes it doesn't). i'm 5' 4" and went ahead with the regular, not petite, version and i have to say i think the petite would have been too short. the dress comes to the top of my knees as photographed on the model. highly recommend.	Dresses
Saw this in the catalog and had to have it. i paid full price!  while the buttons aren't functional, it is not too revealing. i work in a casual office and it will be perfectly appropriate especially paired with a jean jacket!  the length is right above knee. i am 5'6" 122# and went with the xs	Dresses
Can dress it up or down and still look good in it! i wear leggings under it to keep my legs warm since the material is thin and i live near the ocean. this is my new standard summer dress! i bought an xxs since i am petite weighing 95lbs and stand 5'1"	Dresses
This tshirt hits at a great length not too long. so it doesn't make me feel top heavy! but it flows enough to hide any imperfections !  i ordered a medium.	Knits
I just received this dress after ordering it online and i'm already in love. the fit is perfect - i tend to have issues with bust areas of dresses being too small and this fits just right. the material is light and perfect for southwest florida.	Dresses
This dress is pretty, but there were a few things i disliked.the overdress is fairly shapeless; however, the slip is fitted and well above the knee. since the overdress is sheer, the shortness of the slip is visible the fabric of the overdress felt rough on my skin. i did like the contrast of textures between the overdress, the slip, and the lace. finally, as other reviewers have shared, the buttons are not functional, and the v-neck of the overdress is deep. i recommend trying the dress	Dresses
Absolutely love everything about this dress!!! i'm 5'9 138lbs purchased a small. hits just slightly above the knee... has a fun flow to it! absolutely love the chest detail! cute buttons! and the embroidered detail is amazing!	Dresses
So cute! i get tons of compliments whenever i wear it. very comfortable. i ordered a petite l and it's a little big. i usually buy the petite m, but due to the under slip i wasn't sure.	Dresses
This dress is wonderful! word to the wise, it says that you can machine wash the dress on cold, which i did. the dress came out fine, but the slip is now basically a shirt. there are no washing instructions on the slip, but i assumed it would be the same. it is not. it still looks ok under the top part, but i will have to wear a half slip under the bottom.	Dresses
This is a great dress! very different and light but cute details	Dresses
This dress is quite adorable - the pattern, slip and bottom lace trim are very nice. i found that this ran large, particularly in the bust. i am a 34c and felt that the xs was still a bit too big. i decided to pass due to the fit and the price, but i will re-visit if it makes it to the sale room. also note that the front buttons are purely decorative, and can't be buttoned to tighten the top up.	Dresses
Love this dress! bodice and lace at bottom gives is a cute layered look. there are buttons on the front (see pic), but it does not button up. i'm a bit on the "hippy" side....physically hippy, that is...and this dress did a great job of downplaying my hips. ;) i'm 5'4" and this dress hit just above my knees (a bit longer than on the model in the photo). would look cute with a jean or military jacket! i am wearing a small. 5'4", 130lbs, 32b chest.	Dresses
The cut is perfect and the rose color is so pretty! it fits like the typical left of center sizing. i wish it came in more colors!	Knits
I love this shirt so i bought both colors. i wish they had more colors! fits great and very comfy.	Knits
This t is a beautiful color, and i wish it had worked. it is quite flimsy, however - very thin cotton fabric, without the nice drape that would have made this look good on. i also think it should have been cut a little longer; it flares out right at the hips,so instead of covering them, it highlights them. i'm disappointed, and am returning it.	Knits
This dress is my new favorite! the style is trendy and feminine while forgiving in the tummy area without looking maternity or too baggy. it is so versatile because it can be dressed up or down and it's a great transitional dress b/c once it cools down, it will look great with a denim jacket, cardi, booties, etc. i normally wear a m, sometimes a l (i'm 5'7", 36dd) but the m fits great. the slip is a little snug across the chest but i definitely couldn't size up b/c then the dress would be too bi	Dresses
This is a charming dress, with lots of quality touches, and something which is easy to wear and appropriate for many occasions. however, the dress i received wasn't quite like the dress pictured in the catalog and main website photos. the bottom buttons of the over-dress do not have matching holes, so you can't button it. this makes the v lower, and the bodice looser. it is like the photo with the brunette model on the website, rather than the primary photos with the blonde lady. personally, i w	Dresses
There aren't enough great words to describe this dress. tried on the black one in store yesterday and knew immediately i was going to purchase. everything is perfection - not tight slip underneath that even has the strap snap closures to hold it in place at the shoulders, not too low cut, hits right above knee so not too short, light weight, flattering, etc!! and machine washable! can dress up or down. could even wear to work with a jacket or cardi. can wear all seasons - can't wait to pair wi	Dresses
Great pop of color (i purchased the rosy color) and great piece you can add layers to. it drapes beautifully, may run a tad larger, but not enough to size down. light weight, so wear alone for warmer fall days or as we get into spring, and with a scarf and jacket for cooler days.	Knits
I really wanted to love this dress! the quality is great, and the overall look is so lovely. however, i tried two different sizes (petite s and petite xs) and it still looked too baggy/big. the upper part is wider than it appears. also, the photos shows the bottom two buttons buttoned up. however, the dress doesn't actually have any loop holes or button holes, so it just hangs open. very sad to have to return both dresses.	Dresses
I purchased the mauve dress from an retailer store last weekend during their 20% off sale. i absolutely can not say enough great things about this dress. it fits beautifully... the pattern on the material is so pretty and feminine. once i got home from the store and tried the dress on again, i immediately purchased the black one also. i had to have it in black too! such a great dress to wear to parties, date night, friends outings.. we are going to california in september and will be wearing these	Dresses
This is a great dress from moving to summer into fall. it's great right now with the warm temps, but a throw on a jacket and some booties and you have a fall outfit. it's very comfortable also. there is a slip underneath which is what you see with the buttons open in the front. i wish the slip was a little longer and the dress is see through. maybe, you can adjust it at the straps some. at any rate, it's a nice dress and i'm keeping it.	Dresses
Just as the others have reviewed, i agree! this dress is flowy and so feminine. i got it today and i am wearing it now! so light! i usually wear a large or a 12 in dresses. i am pear shaped. 36b bust and large hips. it is flattering and feels great on. the slip underneath fits perfect on me. grab this before it becomes iso!	Dresses
I caught a sneak peak of this beautiful dress on a local retailer instagram page...and i was so excited when it arrived at my store. i love this dress! i went with the black because i loved how bold it was. it's ultra feminine and flowy. the slip underneath has the prettiest embroidered print and the overlay is light and airy. the bottom is hemmed with a little lace peekaboo and it is wonderful. i tried this on in both a l and an xl. the xl fit well but the dress was a little long on top, so i wen	Dresses
The print, layers and fit of this dress remind me of the 1990's but in a good way! the outer dress is voluminous and flowy, so i understand why some reviewers feel the dress runs large. the embroidered slip is tts and quite the cherry on top. i really appreciate that styling detail. 140# 36dd 5'3" and i chose medium regular length, not petite since i'm older and wanted the length.	Dresses
Thin for this late in the season, but the colors are so pretty. i'm going to layer it over a long sleeve t, top with a cardi and pair with leggings. runs large. love the the unconnected slip. 5 stars.	Dresses
Got this dress in the mail today, and it's definitely a keeper. the material is high quality, and i can see wearing this dress on all but the coldest days of winter. it'll be great to wear today in 90 degree weather, and with a cardigan and booties, it will easily transition into cool weather. the colors, patterns, and lace are all just beautiful. for reference, i always order xs for loose fitting dresses, and a size 4 for close fitting styles. the xs in this dress is perfect.	Dresses
Love this dress! it's a little roomy on me & i maybe should have gone with the medium. i'm 5'11" and about 165 so usually wear a large. my problem is with the length. i knew it was a gamble, but the other color images on the 5'10" model gave me the hope that the dress would come close to being near my knees ... nope. it's a good 6" above them, and i couldn't wear this to work. so being the crafty sort, i'm pondering adding a few more lace layers to the hem.	Dresses
I started buying maeve dresses about five years ago and love every last one that i own! this one is no exception. i bought it in black last week (size s) for my birthday treat, and it was so wonderfully light during the week of 99 f heat in the district. it's feminine and delicate in appearance, yet the material is of good quality and super comfortable. it's awesome, just a perfect summer and probably fall dress.	Dresses
I love the look of this dress. the fitting could use some work--the top layer could be slightly more fitted--but overall it looks adorable. as other reviewers have mentioned the top does not have any button loops. my biggest issue with the dress is the quality of the material. one time through the wash on the gentle cycle and the slip underneath has shrunk at least a full size. for the price of this dress, i don't expect disposable clothing. if i had known it would shrink, i would've hand wa	Dresses
The essence of femininity. simply beautiful. if you begin with the pattern of the dress, you become drawn to it. then, as you look closer and see the slip with its creamy detailed embroidery, and immediately you see how the dress opens at the bodice with tiny, set buttons, you soon realize, that's not all... the bottom of this fine piece of art continues with soft, delicate, chiffon trim with a bonus layer of the most beautiful lace to finish it off. i bought it on sight and just love it. i was	Dresses
Great dress, can be styled up or down for more casual look. it ran a bit large for me, especially up top; the armholes were droopy unfortunately. i ordered the s but returned, the xs will hopefully be better. for reference, i'm usually a s, 5'5" 127lb.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in two colors and i'm happy that i did! very cute and great fit! flattering too!	Dresses
Bought this in the white in the store - came home and ordered the blue - wish they had my size in the orange.maybe this is enough said? this is so comfortable, so well made, so easy to wear - might be the perfect dress ever.	Dresses
I typically wear a 4 in dresses, and sized up to a 6 because of the other reviews. i'm bigger on bottom than on top, and the 6 fit me fine (snug, but fine) on the bottom but the top was a bit big. there was too much material in the arm hole area. it's very pretty and good quality, but not a good fit for pear-shapes.	Dresses
Absolutely love this dress!! this was my first purchase from this site and as per the usual, i was worried about the sizing but the fit couldn't be better. definitely won't be the last. material is heavenly and has a double layering that was a nice surprise. very warm and soft. high quality stuff. i could have gotten my usual size in petite, but i didn't want it to be too short. i'm glad i did. this is the perfect dress for work.	Dresses
This dress is everything i hoped it would be. it is soft and comfortable, and flattering even though it's not tight fitting. true to size as well.	Dresses
I am sadly returning this dress, but i would recommend it! it is soft and i loved the design of the dress. very comfortable. the only reason i am returning it is due to my figure. it is a fitted dress and was a little more revealing that i would have liked.	Dresses
I think this is a really flattering dress. i like the length of the sleeves (they're not long like in retailer's very first navy photo but all the other pics are accurate in my opinion.) in my photo, i'm wearing an xs regular so i'd say it's shorter than 35" because i'm only 5'3" and it's above my knee. it may run slightly small because i'm a 34aa, with a 26" waist, 34" hips and usually wear xspetite in retailer but this xs fits me fine (although to get it to be fitted at the waist, xxs might be bet	Dresses
Such a pretty dress and the colors are just so summery. it's very flattering on but i will have to return it unfortunately. i ordered the 6p because the 8p was sold out and although the top fits quite well, its just too snug on the hips. if the 8p was available i would definitely exchange it for that.	Dresses
Love the versatility of the dress. very easy to dress either up or down. i've been able to wear it out for a casual day with a denim jacket and booties (just like the stock photo!) or even wear it to work with a black jacket and flats. the color is beautiful and the material is very soft and comfortable. absolutely love the cut and design of the dress on top. only thing i would mention is that the dress is a bit form fitting than expected. it definitely hugs your curves.	Dresses
I bought this dress for a dinner after my daughter's wedding rehearsal. it is perfect. it is dressy enough for the occasion. it also has a casual look to it. i think it is very versatile. i fell in love with the colors, material and the quality. i am more excited about this dress then the dress i am wearing to the wedding. buy it you'll love it.	Dresses
I really liked this dress when i tried the navy on in the store. i am 5'4", 140 lb. and the medium fit me really well. unfortunately, i am not comfortable showing a lot of leg so the dress was just too short for me. if it had come to the tops of my knees i would have gone for it but it was well above my knees. the fit and color were great though, i loved the neckline and the material was very soft and comfortable. i tried the large but, while it was a little longer, the larger size made it lose	Dresses
I'm so happy i decided to order this dress! i am 5'3" 120 lbs and normally buy xs petite, but the comments said the dress is a little short so i went with a xs regular in navy. i am glad i did -- it hits me about 2-3 inches above the knee. the material is very soft and seems well constructed. a bit thicker than your average summer dress but i like that! very flattering overall, and for the price it's a great steal!	Dresses
As you can tell from the pictures, it's nothing fancy; i think this dress will get a lot of wear for everyday living. simple and comfy. reviewers said it ran pretty small so i sized up but wished i hadn't. it is not very "fit	Dresses
I bought this dress in ivory and then bought the navy on sale, i loved it so much. i'm 5'4", 117, and the petite medium was perfect. love the kicky flare, and the lining makes it so comfortable. an effortless, fun dress - perfect for hot summer lunch.	Dresses
I bought the navy color in xs petite. i'm 5'1, 115 w/ athletic build. i thought the fit was perfectly fine. with a belt, the dress is about 3 inches above my knee. the dress is made very soft/breathable fabric and has a "slip" underneath. bonus: the dress is made in the usa! i'll be buying the white and red once they're marked down a bit more. very satisfied with this dress.	Dresses
I purchased the navy size small and was delighted with the fit. the waist line is perfectly proportioned for a petite. i think this means that the waist line will be high on a woman who needs regular sizing. i like the lining, it adds a substantial look to the dress.	Dresses
Very beautiful sheath dress that will be perfect for summer weddings and spring events because of the delicious sorbet pallette. it's a substantial weight fabric that will nip you in and give the illusion of curves where none exist (in a good way.). pattern is actually knit into the fabric not printed. size 8p is the smaller of my size range so for others who are slender on top may want to size down. if you have prominent hips, stay tts or size up. if you are very busty, it's tts or size up	Dresses
I bought this today in navy and loved it the second i put it on. it feels great on, is well made and flattering! you can wear it anywhere and look pulled together. much cuter in real life too. it does run a little small. id go up a size if you're getting the white so it won't cling too much.	Dresses
I bought the navy version of this dress in the store and thought it looked pretty nice. i am 5'10" and 145 pounds, and the small fit me great. i think that the dress looks exactly like it does in the pictures, at least for the particular color that i bought; the length comes about mid-thigh, as shown, and i would definitely have worn it to work. after looking in the mirror for a few more days though, i decided to return the dress, because i didn't feel like the shape of it was especially sensati	Dresses
I'm 5 feet 120 and hourglass figure. i literally burst out laughing when i opened the package. i ordered my usual small petite. the dress is so short and small you would have to be 4 feet 90 pounds. returning.	Dresses
I have this top in 3 colors and am waiting for the black to arrive. very soft on the body. we live in fl so lightweight is appreciated. stylish fit that is not ordinary. great colors. will pack well and can be dressed up with a scarf. sleeves run long.	Knits
So i have had to return this once so far because the stitching ripped out when i sat down. the little slip thing that goes underneath if cheaply made. i really wish this were just lined dress. i wear it with a blank tank top and leggings underneath. not worth the money, but i needed something to wear that was transitional.	Dresses
Love this top! i bought it in 2 colors; it's a great twist on a basic tee. love love love!	Knits
I am 5'0", 109lbs, 32d, and the 0 petite fit tts. the fabric is comfortable and the dress well made. my only complaint would be that the picture of the model and the dress i have in my possession do not have the same coloured slip. my dress arrived with a nude slip. i was a little confused at first but when i tried on the dress i realized it was not a bad thing. the lace actually stands out. all in all, a greal buy. discounts make it worth it too.	Dresses
I love the crisscross detail that makes this a stylish and also flattering piece. lovely soft material that drapes well and hides imperfections. wish it came in more colors!	Knits
I fell in love with this dress but when i received it in the mail, i was really surprised to see that unlike the picture online, the slip underneath is a nude color. it fit well and i decided to keep it. i wore it for the first time today and felt great in it. i was driving with my son in the back seat, i turned to hand him something and the entire right side of the dress (where the crocheting is) ripped open!! i cannot believe how poor the quality is at this price!	Dresses
I have a few of these tees in the short sleeve version and found myself wearing them pretty often so i jumped on the long sleeve option when it went on sale. i bought the black and red (which is more of an orangey red). i love them as well! this top drapes nicely and has a little more style than just a plain tee. the material is thin and while that is nice for breeziness sake, i don't anticipate this will last that long, but thats cool...its not a real investment piece but rather a cute casual t	Knits
Love the cut of this t-shirt. just loose enough but not big and boxy like so many other tees but not fitted either. nice weight, the hemline is interesting...overall happy with it. just hope it doesn't shrink!	Knits
I loved this dress and ordered it online. i found the colors to be a bit more muted than i expected, and unfortunately the fabric quality seemed low considering the price point. ultimately i decided to return it as i couldn't justify spending $178 on a dress that didn't seem as well made as i would expect from retailer.	Dresses
I ordered this style in the blue, red, yellow and white for the sale price. they all fit true to size, matching the model's photos. but, the quality is poor. the hems are frayed, they wrinkle easily, they're just a mess. the model's photos show a messy look so you know what you're getting. the positives are the colors. the blue is especially gorgeous. the yellow is like a spicy mustard shade. they are all comfortable. just sloppy looking. the sale price matches the quality. they do stretch out t	Knits
Beautiful spring dress. perfect for luncheons or any occasion. so very pretty, lovely fabric and good fit. you will definitely feel pretty in this dress. y daughter is 5'3" and the length was perfect.	Dresses
I wanted to like this top, especially because of its comfortable material and color, but the asymmetrical shape didn't hang well on me. it also runs big - i got a small, and although the bodice fit okay, the sleeves were long, and the bottom of the top looked mishaped and dumpy. this top will be going back.	Knits
Though i am a true size medium, i do not like fitted tees, so generally i buy a large. based upon other reviews, i decided to give the medium a try, hoping that it would be loose enough. though i am on the cusp of petite (5' 3 1/2"), i decided to go with the regular medium since i prefer longer, tunic length tops. the medium does run big, imo, and fits me like a large would. it is loose, flowy and long enough to cover my entire backside. the sleeves are long and i do have to roll them up, perhap	Knits
First problem-i would not have ordered this at all had the description been correct. the fabric description is cotton which the dress is most certainly not. secondly, it has a really funky, cheap, unfinished, raw-hemmed slip which is simply not fitting for the dress. the keyhole in the front is super long-again, does not seem to fit the dress. i am not happy with this piece at all but it did fit tts. length is just above knee. i am 5'5" 142 lbs 34d and the six was a good fit. sending this home t	Dresses
I never write reviews, but i just purchased this top at full price last week in the store. it's not a have to have top just to look at it, but once i put it on i had to have it. it's extremely comfortable and i am able to wear it while running around with my boys and still feel as though i'm put together. i've worn this top now 2 times and after the 2nd wear i have 3 holes in the area where the waist line of my jeans sits. the first time i wore this top it was for only and hour or so. what a	Knits
This dress is gorgeous. the quality is high, runs true to size, and is very flattering! my only issue is the tule. i already have hips, so the tule makes the dress over-flare. i am going to have the tailor remove the tule and it will be perfect. for those who are not an hourglass shape naturally, this will help provide the extra shaping.overall, i love this dress and will be keeping it.	Dresses
These shirts are fantastic; lightweight sleeves for summer wear. i go back and forth between xs and small, (i have broad shoulders) and ordered one of each. i like both. the shirt has give so the xs is fine but the variation in size gives the two shirts very different looks.the color is fantastic and true to the photos! not always the case with online purchasing so i loved that.	Knits
I ordered a regular size 6 because the petite size 6 was sold out. it was too large for me; maybe the 4 would have worked. in part because the size was off, it looked frumpy on me with the poofs and flowers. however, i did like that it is cotton and has its own beige-colored slip that snaps on at the shoulders. i have no doubt this could look very nice on someone if the size was just right.. i like the black crochet-type details.	Dresses
I was really excited about this dress- the style looked like it would be a spring/summer staple in my retailer-heavy wardrobe. i was really surprised when i received it in the mail. the dress is quite thin cotton fabric and feels cheaply made. for the price, i could purchase a much higher quality dress elsewhere that would hold up better. i've been an retailer fan for more than an decade, but this trend of higher prices for lower quality is disappointing and insirpring me to leave a review for the f	Dresses
Great, comfy shirt! long enough that i can wear it with leggings!	Knits
This shirt is such a beautiful color! the lavender is a really lovely addition to spring wardrobe and goes with more than imagined. it has a bit of an oversized fit although it falls really nicely on slimmer silhouettes. it's also incredibly comfy and stylish with an updated look even to the most casual of attire.	Knits
I received this top yesterday and love it! sexy yet not too revealing and great for date night! i like the way it fits across the chest and isn't too short in the waist. very soft fabric.	Knits
I was looking for a classic, white t-shirt that wasn't too big (i.e. a tunic) or too fitted. this was perfect! i love the irregular hemline and the fit. it's not too tight, but not too big either where it looks messy. just a perfect little tee for any wardrobe. runs true to size. i'm a 34d, size 10 and ordered the medium - it fit great!	Knits
I wanted to like this one.. really but it was just plain sloppy looking. i returned it.	Knits
Got this in the pretty springy blue already wore it with white jeans and loved it!! love the loose longer swingy style and i can't wait to wear again! i may have to get another color!	Knits
I was looking for a tee that i could wear on the weekends without looking sloppy and also have a little coverage for when i'm feeling a little bloated. (come on, that's what happens sometimes on weekends, ha!) this tee is great because it's got some coverage and it's also not sloppy looking or oversized while still being flowy and flattering. the shoulders and arms are fairly tts and there's a slight a-line shape to this tee, so its flattering without being a tent or frumpy looking. i did si	Knits
I loved the fact that this dress is cotton. it is a thin cotton, and you can see in the photos that she is wearing a black slip with a thicker strap. mine came with a nude slip. i'm thinking they all come with a nude slip. i'm not sure why they showed the dress with the black thick strap slip unless it was to show the dress as a thicker cotton than what it actually is. the dress is adorable though which makes it hard for me to decide whether to keep it and hope mine won't tear easily or to retur	Dresses
Adorable summer top. the geometrical shape makes this top interesting. it looks much better on then in the picture displayed. it's soft , flowing and covers all flaws. the gold color is beautiful and vibrant. i know i will purchase this in other colors. the long back really sets it off. if you are looking for comfort, don't hesitate, this top is perfect.	Knits
Very pretty top. runs a bit large (i generally take an xs and the xs in this top fits me a little longer and larger than on the model). comfortable and easy to wear. nice cut with angled front and bit longer back. did develop a small hole very quickly as some thinner and tissue tees do but hoping that's unusual as i did buy two different colors of this tee shirt and will be totally disappointed if this happens to both, especially at this price.	Knits
This top is semi fitted and then stretches as you wear it. i love the design and color choices.	Knits
This tee is so comfortable and stylish. you can easily dress it up. i love how the back covers your assets, and the sleeves are long enough for tall girls. a great buy on sale! i bought a small and bought 3 colors!	Knits
Great with leggings and skinny jeans! it's comfortable too!	Knits
This dress is more lovely in person than in the picture. the lace details show beautifully against its nude slip. i'm 5'1" 130# and regular size 2 fits perfectly and hits at my knees. it's a very flattering dressy-casual dress. it's a bit pricey for a cotton dress but worth it at the 20% retailer promo.	Dresses
This was really big on me. i am usually a 10 and even the 8 wouldn't stay up around the chest. i would need to have straps sewn on to make this work. on the plus side, the material is absolutely gorgeous. rich, saturated color. too bad about the fit. maybe really busty girls will have better luck, but this is going back. too expensive to justify keeping it if i need to spend money having it remade/tailored.	Dresses
Love this top for casual days. fits perfectly, fabric feels quality and color is bright but not too bright. good length, just touches top of my thighs.	Knits
I love this shirt's color which is a lovely yellow. the fit is nice and flowing. i usually wear xs but intentionally bought s, so that it would be a little lose and i may wear with leggings. my one issue is how transparent it is. i opt to wear a spaghetti strap underneath it, however some women might be ok wearing it alone.	Knits
I bought this shirt at the store and after going home and trying it on, i promptly went online and ordered two more! i've gotten multiple compliments anytime i wear any of them. great for looking put together with no fuss. people that have commented there's were destroyed in the wash didn't read the care label which says dry clean.	Knits
I loved this top... the color is true to screen. the cut is cute. it's a lovely basic top that has just the right twist to it. i loved the fabric. it is see-through but if you wear a nude colored bra under it nothing shows.	Knits
Fits really nicely and i'm picky about sleeves but these are just right. a little see through but i don't have to wear anything under it because the seams and piecing cover well. love the fit not too blousy in the waist and the assymetrical hem is nice.	Knits
Would not have picked this out online, but it caught my eye in the store. the blue color is gorgeous, it's a flattering style that drapes well and will pair with just about any short, jean, capri or summer weight pant and a number of chic accessories. you will not be disappointed!	Knits
A great casual top for warm weather - the linen ensures its structure stands out, and the structure gives it more interest than a plan tee. does a fine job of hiding minor midsection lumpiness. can be dressed up a bit if worn with linen or cotton trousers. i bought the yellow and was pleased to find it wasn't too transparent. i bought the small and found it tts for an american small (bigger than a uk or european small). a versatile keeper.	Knits
This shirt is so comfortable and looks very nice with jeans or work pants. it's a great shirt!	Knits
It's always sunny when i wear this sunshine yellow tee. love the color and they way it was pieced together. has a flattering feminine fit whole still feeling relaxed and casual. it's slightly sheer but not obscene. all linen and a little scratchy so if you're sensitive, be aware. i purchased medium and i'm 39/28/35 140# 5'3"	Knits
Cute and simple. nice fabric. it's a looser fit so if you're in between sizes i'd recommend the smaller size	Knits
Great color and fabric! a bit on the sheer side but not completely see-through. perfect for spring, summer and even into fall. wore it on a weekend trip to the beach with capris and then to work with a cropped blazer. planning on ordering it in additional colors if it's still available. a good staple for your wardrobe!	Knits
Really cute over my white cropped pilcro jeans. or as a beach cover up over a bathing suit. i want this in more colors!	Knits
I love the length of this and that i can wear it with skinny jeans or leggings, but it does seem to run a little small and it is not as long as on the model. i do think it is a cute addition to my wardrobe though.	Knits
This dress is fantastic. super flattering and unique. i get a compliment every time i wear it. i encourage retailer to source more dresses from this brand/designer. lovely. i am picky and nevery give a perfect rating, this dress got all 5 stars.	Dresses
I love this tee. very soft and easy care. gentle cycle hand to dry.	Knits
I bought one of these tees for myself and one as a gift -- both in green, which is really a beautiful dark teal color (as pictured). the fabric is so soft that the gift recipient said she wanted "an entire jumpsuit made of this fabric." :) the shirt is long enough, loose enough and substantial enough to wear untucked, as pictured, but lightweight enough to tuck in to a pencil skirt. i am usually an xs or an s in tops, and i ordered the s in this one. the larger size gives the slightly loose fit	Knits
I'm super into this top! i bought the evergreen color in store as it fit true to size and was very flattering. i went to buy an item that was available online only and decided to also buy this top in black. my favorite aspect about this shirt is that it can be dressed up or down. the material is slightly stretchy though it does not cling. i can wear a chunky necklace and dressy skinny pants and look ready for a nice dinner. on the other hand, this top can be thrown on with a pair of comfy jeans	Knits
This dress is amazing quality with stunning details. its flowy and absolutely beautiful.i plan on wearing it whilst im in the depths of the mongolian mountains while singing operatic arias.i ordered a size two regular, even though i am petite for the sole purpose of dress length.---->in the picture, the dress comes down to an awkward length on the model, the sleeves are 3/4 and it doesnt look as good as it could if the length settled down to where their ankles are, or if the sleeves reache	Dresses
I was looking for something to wear for an event at an art gallery. i actually really loved this dress! i think it hides body flaws. i tired on the xs, but the small was a little more flowing. it was comfortable and very fun to wear.. i am short, so the length was great for me i wore a different full length black slip under it which was more comfortable for me. go try it on too see if it fits for your body style. it was great for me	Dresses
I tried on the dress that was returned at my store in xxs p, i would not have based on reviews but my stylist asked me to try it on. it does look nice, you just have to cinch it all the way. perhaps most people do need to size down. for my 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5in waist, i wouldn't go up to xs p... to give an idea. material is nice and sturdy. give ti a try!	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. all that's missing is a bonnet!	Dresses
Cute shirt, great for a lazy day off. i got an xs, but i thought this was a bit lose especially around the waist. the shirt is good quality, the material is heavier, great for spring/fall. it goes well with leggings and a jacket.	Knits
This top is so cute it's my go to top. dress up or down looks really cute with skinny skirt. i have the ivory and just ordered the dark grey. one great thing this top has pockets. i would buy this in many colors if i could. yes it's full but a cute full. but i love full tops. i think this is true to size it's not tight and i don't think it would be as cute tight. i actually like mine on me better than the one on the model.lol washes like a dream and you can dry it in the dryer.	Knits
This dress is really good quality and the beading is adorable. but, the sleeves combined with the maxi skirt made me look like i was a sister wife and not in a $250 dress. i still gave it four stars though, because i am having it hemmed to above the knee because i like the top part so much. i ordered the 00p, am 5'1 110 lbs and the waist fit perfect, the skirt was about three inches above my ankles. perhaps someone with a more boho style might find the length of the skirt cute but i just found i	Dresses
I got the red- it is a great color. this is one of those thin soft t shirts. it drapes really nicely and dresses up or dresses down. the only downside for me is that it takes a little extra effort in the washing department, but really not much- just have to line dry.	Knits
This dress is not flattering. the slip is very small and short and the dress is big and billowy. like the other reviewer said, its more like a tablecloth that you stick your head through. it was really hard to figure out how to cinch in the waist but it didn't help regardless. the length is not accurate either. i would say it's a pretty short dress (mid thigh) but that probably depends on the person. it also makes you look very horizontal. i was really excited about this dress but it's getting r	Dresses
What a shame this dress is. i wear xl and am 5'2", but the dress in the store in the size xs(!!!!!) looked just the right size. yup! xs was just the right size. i can't imagine anyone who wears m or s finding this dress fit flattering. it would look like a sack. it is an inch or two too short in the front for me, so i'll be returning it.	Dresses
I love this unique piece. it is slightly over sized which is intended - cinches allow you to tighten the waist area/providing more definition. will look great with booties in the fall.. great boho dress.. the included slip runs small and short. however, if it's a piece you love, you could easily wear a different slip if you wanted something a little longer.	Dresses
This dress is very good quality, with beautiful beading on the bodice. it's a heavier material than i was expecting, but that was a pleasant surprise. unfortunately, when i put it on and looked in the mirror, i laughed out loud because i looked like a fancy swiss milkmaid. the shoulders are puffier than shown on the model and, combined with the overall design and length, i couldn't think of anywhere to wear it. this is an easy return for me. the dress runs very true to size and the bodice is fit	Dresses
I fist saw this dress in the window in alexandria, va olde towne and i immediately said that i have to have it. upon receiving it in the mail, i was surprised by the quality of the dress. this dress is made very well. after trying it on it did look like i was going to be dancing with the hippies in woodstock. but i love the dress and plan on wearing it soon. good quality	Dresses
After reading the other reviews, i had to write my own. i think this dress is adorable. it is a tunic and advertised as such. i think the drawcord and the way it is styled is really different and gives the dress some pop. i am 5'4" so the length is good for me. i didn't have trouble with the arms as some did. the slip was a problem , too small, especially considering the dress is a tunic and fits as a tunic. the dress fits me as it does the model. with a pair of cute boots, this dress rocks.	Dresses
I loved the look of this dress online so i went to retailer to try it on. in the dressing room area we were all laughing because (i tried on a small) when i got it tied to the point where it looked like the model online i couldn't raise my arms. the distance between the cuff and the waist is inches! even if you manage to lift your arms the whole dress will go with it and expose you as much as if you weren't wearing a dress at all but a shirt. too bad. poor design for sure, and such a shame when th	Dresses
Large and the material is too bulky. i returned it.	Knits
This dress looks like it could be cute on but when you put it on its just blah. i saw someone else trying it on in the fitting room and she felt the same. not cute, not flattering, the model photo is deceiving. would not recommend, although it looks airy and comfy.	Dresses
I really love this dress! the fit is flattering and comfortable. the fabric has a pale art nouveau background, with indian and middle eastern prints over it. the beadwork does "really pop," and the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. for lovers of etro's bohemian style who don't want to spent thousands of dollars on a dress . . .	Dresses
I'll start by saying, over the years, i get more and more frustrated by the lowered quality of retailer's products. this dress represents all of my frustration. cheap, cheap cheap material. low thread count. elastic!!! around the end of the sleeves that rubs the cheap fabric against your arm. i mean, this dress is a total disaster - and looks nothing like the photograph shown.	Dresses
When i first put this dress on, i immediately thought...oh no, i can't pull this off. at least, not without a cow to milk. but this dress is so comfortable. the material feels divine and the quality really is excellent for the price. the pattern of the panel on the bodice creates a slimming effect so it is also very flattering if you can get the waist to hit right. (i had to try on a few different bras to make this happen.) fits true to size. i got a size 2 - my usual size and i have gained a fe	Dresses
I was a little hesitant to order it. i am glad i did, it is a great top.	Knits
I was so excited to receive this dress. i got a petite 4 as i am 5'2". it was very hard to zip up the side zipper but not impossible. it didn't look good on me. the waist line was a bit too high...maybe a regular would have looked better. also i thought it was a cotton dress but it isn't. also i looked like i was going to a nordic folk festival to do a traditional dance. i had been so excited to receive this but sadly it just didn't work for me and i had to send it back.	Dresses
I loved this on the cover of the august catalog. when i saw the pictures online, i was a bit hesitant because the background of the dress looked white, and i wondered whether it would be too washed out for me. not so. i love it! it fits beautifully; the waistline is very flattering. it looks like a dress a model would wear in the 1960s -- not a hippie, but a model in a high fashion magazine. it looks great with boots. the fabric is soft to the touch, so luxurious. i am of polish and lithuanian d	Dresses
I love the fabric and details of this dress!! i was thrilled to see it in person. i plan on wearing it when the weather gets colder because of the styling of the dress. i am choosing to keep the hem where it is, and thus prefer it as a "colder months" dress. the poppy flowers really "pop" in this dress- love!!	Dresses
This piece is comfortable and easy to pair with leggings or denim. soft and not too heavy.	Knits
I wanted to love this because it's all my favorites: simple, chic design; pure silk; gorgeous color. in reality, the dress was 100% see-through, very thin, and poor quality silk. i posted pictures of me wearing this dress with a nude slip on underneath that i brought along for shopping elsewhere for business dresses. despite the thin quality of the silk, i was still considering spending this dress (despite it's unreasonably high $$$ for the quality), but after trying it on i was really disappoin	Dresses
I didn't have a problem anticipating the fit of this dress. i felt with the drawstrings on each side i could make it work. i usually take a large and even ordered a medium as i had read all the reviews of it running big. when i got the dress, i was beyond disappointed. it is a heavy, itchy polyester-like fabric, not a thin rayon looking texture like the picture shows. it is also a deep black, not the plum color in 4/5 photos. but most importantly, i am 5'8" and the dress is very short on me. it'	Dresses
It does snag easily which stinks because it's darling and i love it to pieces.... i just hope it doesn't end up in pieces!	Knits
The previous review by beardedlady said it best: "yes, i do still feel like a little girl playing dress up in it but i don't care. this is a fun, creative dress to be worn on the days when you feel like having a julie andrews moment." in my own opinion, i don't think i can wear this without a topper covering the poufy shoulders so i'm happy that i own the dara moto jacket in plum to toughen up the look. i am 38-27-35/36c/135# and the bodice feels a little loose all over with the size 10 re	Dresses
Great wardrobe staple! at 119, i ordered the s and the fit was great. you can wear this so many ways and it's soft!	Knits
One word: obsessed. feel like a carrie bradshaw bohemian queen. sturdy and luxurious, pretty fancy, definitely queen-worthy. i&amp;amp;#39;m walzing around my house in this dress listening to john mayer and feeling fab	Dresses
This dress is stunning. it may be my new favorite thing! i'm not sure where you are to wear this as it is really fancy but i will wear it to work and church anyways--even if it is a bit on the dressed up side. the fit it true to size. i am 5'8 and the length is similar to that on the model in the photo. zipper troubles! i can zip it off of my body--but when one when it comes to the thicker part where the zipper is i cannot zip it--decided could zip halfway and still shimmy in.	Dresses
I love the long tunic with high slits, it's such a great design. i bought this on sale on a whim. i did see that there was already a small snag on the one i purchased right after i took it out of the bag, must have missed that when i looked at it in the store. i still love it, just a little worried based on other reviews that i won't be able to keep from snagging in the future. at the sale price i would say still worth it though!	Knits
I was somewhat hesitant to purchase this dress, based on the previous reviews. for me, it fit perfect. the blouse was fine, not too much fabric. the skirt is soft and stretchy. the fit was tts. for reference, i am 120lbs, 34c and i purchased the 4p. it fits great!	Dresses
I purchased this top in both colors while on sale. it fits true to size. the material is heavier than i expected, but that just means it should hold up for a long time. recommend	Knits
This si=hirt actually has a shimmer to the fabric. it is more of sweatshirt material but i like the thickness, not too thick not too thin. the color is nice in person, and has a shimmer to it. i like the detail in the neck too with the sequins. reason i didn't get it is it felt a little big on me (smallest is xs) and also the color wasn't optimal (i am rather pale). otherwise, i do like the shirt.	Knits
This is a very well made top, i like the cut and it fits true to size. very nice quality and the colors schemes are unique. i'm happy with this purchase.	Knits
I love this brand, i literally live in their tops.. this one is a bit of a disappointment. it is made out of fabric that feels cheap, reminding me of a tissue tee instead of the normal thicker quality of all their other products. it's very thin, and see through. unless wearing a camisole/slip underneath, you have to have the perfect bra and pants situation going on underneath- no muffin tops or back fat!!i got the black, and am keeping it only because i love the design, need a black top desperat	Knits
I bought this sweater on sale and love it. it's very sweet, comfortable, and unique. it fits true to size.	Knits
This is an adorable top. i purchased both the green and the blue. the colors and look are so much nicer than the photos of it. this is a stock up item.	Knits
Very comfortable, fit over my muscle-y and flabby arms! very pretty.	Knits
Love this dress! ?? i tried it on at the store and loved how it felt on. i put it on hold to think about it and returned later that day to purchase. i am glad i did. the 1st day i wore it i received numerous compliments!	Dresses
This top is gorgeous dress it up for work or wear with jeans for a more casual look. the top fits true to size and the lace is not overdone . i would recommend this and can't wait to wear it.	Knits
This dress embodies the retailer brand. the design is unique, and form fitting for just about any body type. beautiful saturated colors and a great cut make it an all around classic. i wish for more of these designs. i originally ordered my usual size 4, but went down to a 2. this dress runs large. looks great with heels or boots as pictured. i am 5'6" 134 lb. this dress has a timeless quality that you will wear for years to come. at my age, i try to buy things that i will wear for many sea	Dresses
Adorable, true to size and just as pictured. there is no hook and eye clasp as stated but still cute. light weight and will be perfect over dresses and summer tanks. wish there were additional colors. i love the white though.	Knits
Can easily be worn with boots or sandals - multi season dress. comfortable, flattering cut. slightly roomy, but pretty true to size.	Dresses
Bought this blouse in white. fits great. can be worn with many things. dressed up or down.	Knits
This top is pretty and i did not find it sheer at all but i am returning it due to the lace sleeves are tight. but, i do have large arms! other than the sleeves i would keep it!	Knits
Can't love this dress enough. i have to force myself not to wear too often. i get stopped every single time i wear it to get complimented. i'm usually a size 6 or 8 in dresses. went with the 8 after trying both on. i found the arms fit better with the 8. i'm pretty athletic and 5'5' around 140 lbs.	Dresses
I love this sweater, it's so soft, and it seems to mold to my body more every time i wear it. it runs true to size, but i have noticed that as i wear it more and more, it seems to stretch a little. overall, i am very happy with it and would definitely recommend it!	Knits
I love the look of this dress but wish the bottom was lined like the top is. it's a little sheer without the lining.	Dresses
I bought this top in the black color and it's great! the lace sleeves are so soft- not itchy at all and it is very flattering.	Knits
Nice twist on a basic t-shirt. pictures don't tell the full tale. better in person. bought the cream one. loving it.	Knits
Oh my this is the best cardigan ever. quality is superb and so soft. i am between a 12 and 14 so i ordered the xl, this cardigan fits true to size. will order more if more colors become available.	Knits
I really like this dress! i wasn't sure what to expect when i ordered it, but was pleasantly surprised when it arrived. it fits well and it's very cute and different.	Dresses
This top is very sweet and looks lovely on the model. it was not flattering for my larger bust, with the inverted pleat opening at my bustline and spreading out over my waist. the quality is nice, the fit in the shoulders is snug. the length is a bit short for me, but it may lay better on a different body type.	Knits
I love everything about this dress. the coloring, fabric and flow of it. it's so much better in person than on-line. it's true to size and very comfortable. a great price as well.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress and i would recommend.but it was short on me (tall), not the midi i was hoping for. and a little too low cut (too much cleavage), i'm a d cup.since i paid full price, i have to be completely pleased with my purchase, for this reason i will return. maybe if i had bought it on sale price, then i would keep.	Dresses
I tried the green one on in the store, as my store only had the green. the lace was sort of fuzzy-looking and i couldn't tell if the items were shop-worn or if the lace was supposed to look like that. since they all looked that way, i decided it was the look of the original fabric and i tried it on. i do like the combination of the lace sleeves and v-neck. a bit dressy but casual also. although i sometimes appreciate a little forgiveness in the tummy area, in this case the design was too loose a	Knits
I ordered this shirt online in green, size small. i am 5'4" and 120 lbs.i was a little worried the small might be too long &/or tentlike (i probably would have ordered a petite small had it been available), but it fits great!!!i love the earthy color combined with feminine lace... unique, comfy, gorgeous!	Knits
Bought this dress as good transition piece into our hot fall. don't usually go for the uneven hemline. but got so many compliments, i'm expanding my comfort zone.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous in color and print; i think it can be styled as eclectic or elegant as you'd like. definitely runs big in the shoulder/bodice area, so i sized down.	Dresses
This top is beautiful on. i did not find it to be sheer in either the black or the ivory, of which i tried both on. i purchased the black as it was more stunning. i am a medium and it fit absolutely perfect. it has a nice pleat in the front, in case you have a teeny bit of tummy. i found it to be very flattering and will wear it as a date top. it will look awesome with skinny jeans or ponte ankle leggings. the body fabric is a lighter cotton. i am 5'4" and it hits at hip length. it does not have	Knits
I wanted a dress that made me feel pretty while traveling, when we went out in the evening. nothing really fancy but nice. i saw this right when it came out and the colors and cut were exactly what i was looking for. i am 5' 3", and normally a size 6 in retailer dresses, but i have a dd34 chest and a little broader ribcage, even though my shoulders and hips are small , which can be tricky. the fit and flare style helps a lot but only if the torso is not too tight. i went back and forth over the si	Dresses
This top is very light and soft for summer. even the lace is soft. it's not sheer and doesn't require layering. true to size. i'm 5'4", 34dd, 150 lbs- m fits well. my arms are not tiny and yet the lace weren't tight for me. but the quality of the material is average and it feels like it will last barely one summer. it's good if you are paying the sale price.	Knits
This dress is seriously gorgeous, and even more so in person. the cut at the bottom is so flattering for curvy , pear shaped, and hourglass shaped women. i sized down so that the dress gave me more of a waist than you can see on the model and it was so much more flattering. love the fabric, fit and style of this dress.	Dresses
Fun transitional dress for fall that can be worn with ballet flats, boots or booties. true to size. for reference i am 5'9, 138 with an athletic build.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress but the sizing was too large for me, overwhelming my frame. i am very petite; for reference, 5'2, 24 waist, 30, and usually get an xxsp or 00p but even the 00p was too large in both the waist and especially in the shoulder area. at minimum for fit, i would have had to have the dress taken up but required too much alteration. the skirt is not lined which i found disappointing, given the price. the colors and handkerchief like hem is really cute though but i returned.	Dresses
I had mixed feelings about this dress. the material is lovely but the skirt is really odd. it has two slips, one that fits close and a second that's a bit too puffy. so the skirt didn't sit well and i thought it made my hips look bigger. the odd length made it unflattering. it might be nicer without the puffy slip but i didn't want to risk it.	Dresses
The only negative about this dress was the placement of the stripe across your stomach	Dresses
This dress is cut perfectly to have a lot of movement. love the colors. i went with my usual size 2 and it fit generously. i am 5.4 and the size 2 hit about the same as the model. my only complaint: it came really wrinkled and will definitely not make a travel dress.	Dresses
Wore it this weekend and the compliments were overflowing! it's exceptionally flattering for busty women (i'm a 32dd). i had to size down from an 8 to a 6, but even the 8 looked good, just a bit loose in the bodice. v neck is just right, not too low, not too high. print is gorgeous in person - colors are much richer than the online photo. the flowy skirt is very slimming and forgiving for hourglass and pear shaped body types. but if you have slim hips, you might feel like you're swimming in fabr	Dresses
This top runs a little bit larger and if you have bat wings you might want to stay true to size. i haven't washed or dry cleaned yet although most retailer shirts i have come to find new to be dry cleaned. otherwise fit is great so is the overall aesthetic.	Knits
This dress is quite the stunner! i love the mix of patterns and the asymmetrical hem. four stars in quality, though, as it could have a bit of pure cotton in the fabric composition, as opposed to rayon + viscose only. still, a versatile dress, for day or night. i love the length of the petite size (please note i'm 5' 4") the shortest part of the hem hits right at the knees. a keeper.	Dresses
This dress is beautifully tailored and so flattering. i feel very comfortable wearing it to work because of the sleeves and neckline, but think it would also be good to wear out. i'm so happy i bought it.	Dresses
This dress is simply unique  beautiful! i said it runs large, but that only because the bodice is a little looser than anticipated. i decided to stick with my normal size 0 though so i could have a little extra room. for those wishing for a tight fit, size down. i love the colors in this dress; i typically shy away from bright colors and pinks but paired with the muted yellow/brown	Dresses
I saw this in the sales rack and decided to try it on, and i'm so glad i did. it looks very ordinary on the hanger, but, in fact, it's a very surprising find, as others have mentioned._____________pros:- a-line so you could go down a size for a slimmer fit.- the zipper in the back has an attached pleather-like tag to help in zipping the dress up. i found this extremely considerate and smart; most dresses don't have this.- lots of stretch and very, very comfortable. i can see myself wearing	Dresses
Gorgeous colors, high quality. my only word of caution is that the top part is very tight. if you have a large chest (c+) this is going to be snug, or not fit at all. i'm wearing it now in pregnancy, but i think it will also look great post-partum. can be dressed up or down.	Dresses
This dress has a charming "carefree" look that invites fall.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely beautiful. i wear with with a flat shoes gold. i got a lot of complaints. i was witing the fall season finale antro bringing what i want.	Dresses
I am a big tracy reese fan, she knows how to cut a dress to flatter the best and hides the worst of a woman's body. i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips and size regular 4 fits very well, it makes my waist look tiny which is awesome and the length is right at my knees. the v neck is a bit low cut so i would need a camisole if worn to work. i like the 2 layer skirt slip, but the ruffle part at the hem needs to be steamed straight or the dress would look too bumpy. colors are rich and unique!	Dresses
What a fun dress to wear. it feels great, and looks great. i feel good when i wear it. if i was a kid i would wear it everyday, ha ha.	Dresses
I'm in between a medium and a large and i ended up with a large because of the sleeves, which are fitted. the sleeve looks loose on the model, but i have some muscle on my bones. the v-neck is a little low and i will probably war a cami underneath, something i would have done in a medium as well. overall i like the top, i got the green. it has a nice style and will stand alone in warmer months without a jacket or sweater over it.	Knits
Pleasantly surprised with how cute and flattering this dress is. i'm about a size 12 and the size l fit perfectly. the bit of a line to the skirt is very flattering. and the knit is not too clingy.	Dresses
I was very excited to get this but very disappointed once it arrived. the fabric on the back is thin and clingy. i think you'd have to wear a slip underneath. cute design on the front but sadly it's going back.	Dresses
I'm a new mom, and am thrilled at the structure and quality of this dress. it gives me a great shape, very flattering. i can wear it to work with a jacket or dress it up with jewelry for a fancier event.	Dresses
I was really hoping that this dress would fit perfectly because it looks beautiful on the model! however, when i put the dress on, there is a seam where the top portion meets the bottom portion and it made the skirt stick out a ton. i ordered the 0p and i am 5'4" 110lbs. maybe ordering this dress in a larger size would prevent the skirt from looking so full at the top.	Dresses
This dress is a beautiful cut, and thankfully, it comes in petite so it fit my frame. i ordered it in my usual size in both 2r and 2p and will be returning the r. checks are cute and can be dressed up for work or for social event depending on goal. fabric is a little scratchy but texture and cut are great.	Dresses
I'm not normally one to spend $89.99 on a dress from retailer, but when this dress arrived in the mail it was a no-brainer that i would keep it. it hangs beautifully on your body and the fabric is extremely comfortable the tie at the waist is really flattering and the neckline adds a little bit of fun. i imagine it can go from season to season pretty easily: springtime with a cardigan and flats --> summer with wedges --> fall with tights and boots. i love pieces that can serve different purposes a	Dresses
The burgundy and black dress is stunning on. beautiful cut and colors. i thinki do need the petite however. the material is not as stretchy as other dresses, but the dress does keep its shape.	Dresses
I bought this dress online because it looked interesting and on sale for $30 why not. i think it looks unassuming on the hanger but on it is fantastic. i am 5' 3", 150 pounds, 34d and the 8 fit me perfectly. it accentuates the curves without revealing anything. will be perfect for fall/winter but am going to wear it to a wedding in june where the bride is a vintage loving person so i think with the right shoes and jewelry it will be perfect.	Dresses
Perfect slimming fit. wore it to work and then on to a holiday party. received multiple compliments throughout the day and evening!	Dresses
The design is very flattering and holiday appropriate. but like many maeve dresses it is absurdly overpriced for the cheap materials used. although figure flattering, the zipper is so cheap that --it runs along the left side -- it bubbles out ruining the sleek look of the bodycon dress. and the rough cheap poly is not worth what they're asking for it. maybe find this on the sale rack but not at retail	Dresses
I loved the fabric design. the fabric itself is a bit strange to the touch. i'm hoping it will soften with time. and the smell from the fabric is a bit strange. however, i love the fit and cut and pattern. i will gently hand wash it and hope for the best.	Dresses
Got the wine color and love it! the design definitely is slimming! 5'1, 120lb, got size 4.	Dresses
I wanted this dress in wine for a holiday party. but it just has no life whatsoever. unlike prior reviewer, i found nothing to dislike about the fabric. the fabric is fine and the fit is fine. i'm sometimes an 8 and sometimes a 6; took this in an 8 and definitely would not size down. it's relatively close- and well-fitting, but the sleeves and neckline further ruined it for me. the sleeves are shapeless, long and baggy. the neckline is just blah. it needs to be neater, trimmer, more cut. the ruc	Dresses
I needed a modest dress with sleeves for a few events, and when this went on sale, i thought it might fit the bill. it does, and at under $30, it was a no-brainer flattering fit, attractive, tts, and the gathers over the middle hide my mommy tummy. i like that i can wear a normal bra with it, too. i can see what other reviewers are saying about the weird feel of the fabric, but it doesn't bother me. this dress will work well for evening and winter events and i'm glad it's in my closet.	Dresses
I love this dress. the fabric is creative...checked lace. the silhouette is figure flattering. work appropriate and can wear it for dinner with a change of shoes and jewelry.	Dresses
Love, love, love this dress! the color is a beautiful blue grey, and the peach embroidery has just a tiny bit of sparkle. can be dressed up or down.	Dresses
It was a little shorter than i expected i am 5'8 and 125 pounds. i ordered the extra small and it was a perfect fit aside from length. at 42 yrs old, i can't wear mid thigh dresses to work. hit hit me at the same length it hit the model in the picture.... even though she is 5'10. if you are 5'6 and below this is a beautiful dress	Dresses
Love the perfectly placed ruching. the red lace over black and elegant. fits like a glove. gives me great curves	Dresses
I liked the way the dress looked in the front, but the material in the back was knit and very clingy. i did not think it was flattering on me.	Dresses
Great dress for a party or a more conservative event. love the style and fit. a little hard to get on and off...	Dresses
This dress worked well on me (not too curvy). it's fitted and enhances curves in a nice way. the patterns looked nice, too.	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store. it looked frumpy. the ruching was not flattering. the fabric felt cheap. i think for the price there are plenty of other options for dresses than can give you a "wow" look. i'm 5'1" 107lbs and the 0p fit fine.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress! blend of materials give it a great feel, the cut and style are very flattering. colors allow it to be carried over multiple seasons either on its own or layered for colder weather! very happy with this investment!	Dresses
While being stylish. the dress is well made and comfortable.	Dresses
I tried the size small on at my regular store, and thought the subtle, sophisticated color and the embroidered pattern were beautiful, though the dress was clearly too long for me in the shoulders, neckline and armholes, and the lower hem.i ordered the small petite online, hoping that it would fit perfectly, but the top of the dress fit the same as the regular size had in the store. the only difference was that the bottom hem was a little shorter and a better length for me.i bought the dress	Dresses
Love this dress! i've been looking for a nice nursing friendly dress for a while and this one is perfect! its so soft and hangs nicely. its very versatile and can be worn for multiple seasons. i ordered a size small which fits nicely, but could have done an xs or small petite. (for reference, i am 5'2", 118 lbs).	Dresses
I am typically a 14-16 and the dress is true to size. (xl) i live that the embroidery runs the full length of the dress. i also like the shimmery side seam detail. the front cut near the shoulders is very flattering on. one minor issue is a gap in the bosom area due to button placement. however, i plan to add a snap t i fix. i often have this issue as i am large in that area. the length is flattering as well and provides great coverage in the rear. lightweight and flows nicely. the color is wond	Dresses
This dress is incredibly soft, comfortable, and essentially lined (i mean, look at all that intricate embroidery... your skin has no idea it is there). the colors are lovely (the embroidery is sort of a soft peachy cream lined with gold) and the dress is even prettier in person. the neckline is low, but not too revealing, and, though i normally avoid shirts without sleeves, the cut is flattering around my arms. the cut of the hem is also flattering. in some ways, the belt seems like an extra pie	Dresses
Fantastic price right now and very flattering!! cute and sexy dress that hugs but its forgiving!	Dresses
Very versatile dress. runs a bit large i am 5 foot 2 (105 lbs) and ordered the xs petite and it fit perfectly!	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress online, but it just doesn't look as nice in person. first of all, it's huge. i usually take a 4-6 in dresses. i ordered a size 4 in this, and it was like a sack on me. i would have needed at least two sizes smaller. however, after seeing it in person, i didn't love it enough to order a smaller size to get a better fit.	Dresses
I really like this dress. i tried it on in the store and i had to take it home with me. the print is fun and bright and interesting, without being over the top. the grommets give it a little bit of edgy balance to the sweet, flowy shape.a note on the the fit: i am a 12/14 and the 12 fit well. it is a bit loose in some places, like the waist, but it certainly doesn't look like a maternity dress. i think the looseness is a good part of the overall look. i am high-waisted, and the waistline hit	Dresses
As with other maeve dresses, the fit is great. i love the empire waist with stud details. the slip is nice and stretchy and i really like the flowy chiffon look over a fitted slip. i'm not too keen on the way the sleeves tie and find that the ties get in the way of everything. when i first saw this online, i was super excited to find it in the stores because i loved the big orange snake that is on the back of the dress shown online. however, only the smallest size had the great snake on the back	Dresses
Love love love this blouse the cut outs at the top just add to it's elegance	Knits
I ordered the 00 p after trying on the regular 0, and that was better. it runs wide, the lining is true to size, but the overlay is loose. the colors are pretty, the design is nice, but i didn't love it as much as other ones.likes: the studs add an edgier look to a almost dainty look (flow y sheer fabric). the cut is flattering if you get the right size (recommend one size down).no big dislikes...why i would still recommend.115 lbs, 30dd chest, 26.5 in waist... 00p	Dresses
This was the dress i was most excited about in the new arrivals, but sadly it didn't live up to expectations. unlike the first two product photos, the dress is baggy and empire waisted, and the black trim is the thin one shown in the last two product photos. the dress is slip on with no zipper or tie, and on me there were about 4+ inches to spare at the waist. all in all it felt sloppy, such a shame as i would have loved the original design online.anyhow, i wanted to share photos of the real	Dresses
I received many compliments on this dress. for a maeve dress it did run large. i normally take a 4 or 6 in maeve but with this dress i bought the size 2 and it fits perfect. i am 5' 2" and 120 lbs. i have a little belly and this dress hides it well. beautiful colors and nice shape. it also hits at my knee so it is perfect for work.	Dresses
I saw this dress and fell in love right away! this is right up my alley, super comfy, perfect fit and love the stud detail. can't wait to wear!	Dresses
Very cute and would transition well season to season with different boots/booties. didn't lay well on chest for me. returned it.	Dresses
I purchased this dress for a special occasion and am delighted it's exactly what i was hoping for. everything from the way it fits to the way it feels is perfect. i highly recommend it!	Dresses
This top is lovely to look at and to wear... one to reach for frequently	Knits
I just received the acacia swing tank and when i pulled it out, i felt like it was christmas day all over. it hangs nicely and felt luxurious on my skin. even my husband was dazzled. the detailing of the flowers is delicate and feminine. the cutaway gives you a sexy, casual chic appearance that you can dress up or down. i can't wait to unveil this new piece at work.	Knits
Soft and romantic. i love it! just like pictured and i wear a cami under. dress up or down	Knits
Bought this shirt on-line. wanted to love it but just couldn't. i ordered the xs and it was huge and way too unstructured for my style....just didn't have enough shape. had to send it back.	Knits
It is one of my favorites from retailer. i received so many compliments while wearing it! i usually wear a 6 but i sized down to a 4 and still had plenty of room.	Dresses
I disagree with the other reviews...the colors on this dress are great. bright against the black and the studs are super cute. and the ties at the cuff are a cute touch. fun dress. i think it's as fitted or not as you want. drives me crazy when people get hung up on their "size" to judge clothes. go up or down if it doesn't fit the way you want. i like it to flow a little so i sized accordingly.	Dresses
Disappointing, back is yellowish and looks strange. the front view is cute but doesn't match the fabric on the back at all. can't imagine why you would do that?	Knits
The color of this dress is amazing! even though it's not lined, the fabric looks and feels like silk charmeuse and is so light and comfy on your skin. more of a maxi than a midi on me; i'm considering shortening it. elegant and breezy at the same time - love it!	Dresses
When i saw this blouse online i thought it was so cute! i love the floral detail. unfortunately it looks much cuter online than it does in person. it has no shape so it is not flattering to the figure. it might look better tucked in or partially tucked in as shown in the picture, but it did not look good completely tucked out. i was also not a fan of the fabric. in the picture the fabric looks dressier than it is. the front is more polyester and is a little dressier, but not what i envisioned. t	Knits
Beautiful, feminine, flowy dress. love the brass button detail at neckline and around waist-gives the otherwise delicate dress a pop of "edge". had to detach the slip to get it on, but glad it is included with the dress. i purchased the small and fits like a glove (5'8", 135lbs, 34d). can't wait to wear it!!	Dresses
The snake and the studs, they make the dress. sadly, the snake is hard to find, as mentioned in another review. this dress also runs large, i'm usually a 12 and went down to 10. the images are misleading too. two pics show a small, fitted look, and the other two show a full, swing look. i'm trying to make this work but it may have to go.	Dresses
The material is beautiful and high quality however the cut is so awful! it lays very weird near the neck and shoulder area. it kind of forms this square but if you are larger in the bust area it causes the top to slant making it lay awkward.	Knits
I loved this dress on the hanger and loved it more when i tried it on. i am usually an 8, but purchased the 6 in this dress. i preferred the empire waist to be more fitted which the 6 provided. you can decide which look you prefer. both looked good. i just wanted a less baggy look. as one reviewer mentioned, the print is cut different on all of the dresses. i think the colors pictured online are accurate. regarding the snake on the fabric, i have several snakes on my dress, but not on the back a	Dresses
This is a very pretty, particularly youthful dress. but, do be forewarned, it is gigantic. size down even if you never do, and get a petite if you are even a little short. i didn't size down enough and it was both wide and long -- it looked ridiculous. i am petite, and the hem went way below my knees (and the dress was considerably longer than the slip).	Dresses
Love this dress! light and breezy, but i'm wearing it with tights and a jacket for a winter look.	Dresses
I'm anxious to wear this dress with boots. i love the colors and print. perfect for work and evenings out.	Dresses
I bought this online because i love the print on the dress and i was not disappointed. it is gorgeous! the waist on the dress is much looser than in the picture, but i am fine with that. i am 5'9" and the dress length is accurate as shown in the picture.	Dresses
This is a great staple piece for your closet. i do agree that it runs large. i am usually a small and ordered this in an xsmall and that was perfect for the billowy-ness of the top. i have a long torso and arms, so going with an xsmall made the arms slightly short on me. i do not see this as an issue as i just pull them up to 3/4 length on my arm (the sleeves are elastic so this is possible). i receive compliments every time i wear this top. it is beautiful and comfortable. i definitely recommen	Knits
Beautiful blouse, very flattering! if you run larger in the bust you might want to select one size larger than you usually wear.	Knits
Not bad- basic, simple, versatile. i wore untucked with skinny black pants. comfy too. cotton knit like materials.	Knits
I had my eye on this dress for months. i came into some extra cash and bought it at full price online and picked it up in the store. the purple pattern is nowhere near as soft as pictures. it was very bright which disappointed me. it's also made for more busty women. at a 34d i could in no way fill this dress out. the result made it look so frumpy and unflattering. i felt like an old lady in a bag.	Dresses
I ordered this when i first saw it on line but it was backordered. it just arrived today and i am so very happy with it. so feminine, kind of vintage yet modern. the epitome of the retailer aesthetic. i typically wear a 0p ( 32 a -26-35: 5 ft 2 in) in tracy reese and the 0p is perfect. i gave a 4 for quality only because it is polyester, (however that also keeps the price down). it seems that every summer plenty by tracy reese comes out with a dress that becomes my go -to favorite and this year is	Dresses
Perfect summer dress: feminine, cool, with just the right flow. hides the bad, and has a nice shape.	Dresses
I wanted this immediately after seeing it in the catalog. i couldn't wait for it to get to my store so i ordered it and it did not disappoint! it is extremely flattering on my hourglass figure. the pattern and colors are amazing. the unlined lower half does not bother me. i will be wearing this with a denim jacket, light sweater, wedges, then booties in the fall! i fell like this dress will be able to be worn for years to come.	Dresses
Bought this for a summer wedding, it fit great and i got a lot of compliments!	Dresses
I like the shirtsleeves for south florida and the material. the design is great too. hits high up on my waist which i like. i ordered the black, but had to send it back as the medium was too big. i usually take a medium, but the small fits perfect. like white a lot and ordered the gold too.	Knits
I saw this online and ended up driving over an hour to pick it up from a neighboring retailer store that had 1 more left in my size! it fits true to size for me with the waist band fitting my 27" inches perfectly with no real give- so keep that in mind. the top does seem a little blousey, which i typically avoid (34d already) but this was still super flattering. overall it is a gorgeous dress that looks good on- one of those dresses that makes you feel good wearing it!	Dresses
I ordered this online and was completely underwhelmed in person. the pattern didn't pop at all and the fit was just ok. it kind of bunched weird in the breast area. i usually love plenty but this is a return.	Dresses
This was my first dress purchase this year, quite late. i've been disappointed with a lot of polyester/rayon/viscose dresses so far. if it's 100% silk or cotton, it's quite expensive. this dress meets all my tick marks: no synthetic, beautiful pattern, well-made, flattering to the figure. i have a silk slip so the absence of lining was not an issue for me. fits true to my petite sizing. it's a very easy to wear dress, no tugging with straps or a belt. it's slimming and skims the figure properly.	Dresses
I ordered this dress online. the colors are pretty (if you like pastels) and the fit is true to size, however, it fits very much like a maternity dress. for those of you rocking a baby bump, this is a good choice. for others who are not, it's just not flattering. my figure got lost in the dress and the high waist did not look good on me. i returned it.	Dresses
I waited six weeks for this dress to arrive and was so disappointed. loved the skirt part of it. but the top, which i guess i didn't see in photo was pleated as well, made my bust look huge and it puffed out on sides. would have been a wonderful summer dress, flowing and cool.	Dresses
I bought this dress in a store, and it suits the body better than on the picture. the pattern is exquisite and beautiful, i receive compliments every time i wear it. it is made of silk, which is a preferred alternative to polyester. but as other reviewers mentioned, it needs a slip, and for an expensive dress it should come with one, or should be fully lined. it is only lined on top. the peep hole is deep, but on my body, it doesn't gap much (i'm 5'7'' 142 lbs). a keeper for me for its beauty!	Dresses
There were just too many pleats to this thing. it was not flattering. it looks fantastic on this model but not on me. oh well.	Dresses
I love everything about this dress, but the bust area. the bottom is so light and flowey with the pleating. makes you want to twirl. the color is light but not as light as the photo. it does not wash me out. the problem is the bust. it has pleats that billow out near the armpit area, making you look top heavy. the bottom is slimming, the top make you look buxom. the v neck is also higher than i would like, which again adds to the fullness of the chest area. i am still debating keeping this or re	Dresses
I love this dress! the colors are so pretty and the fit is very flattering.	Dresses
I finally ordered this after looking at it many times, had to order the 00p as they were out of all other petite sizes, and to my surprise, it totally fits me! why i put larger. both colors are equally nice, but due to my pale skin (and only petite available) i ordered the "yellow" one (brighter colors). cut is flattering, love the pleat detail in the skirt, the 00p fit my 30dd chest, and 26.5 inch waist. the length is perfect, above the knee in front and lower in the back. good choice...	Dresses
This dress is absolutely gorgeous. the fabric is light and comfortable. the colors are even more vibrant in person. it has a keyhole opening in front, which might not be for everyone, but which i really liked. the only things i would caution buyers about, is that it is not lined, and for shorter buyers (i'm 5' 3") it runs a bit long, so if you can pick up the petite, that might mean a better fit.	Dresses
The print on the fabric of this dress is stunning. it is lighter weight than i anticipated, and the photo didn't show the keyhole opening in the front (which i like but may not be for everyone). i am pear shaped and on the tall side, so the shape works nicely on me, not too snug in the middle or rear. not sure about someone not as tall or more busty. i typically wear a larger size on the bottom than the top, so i ordered in the larger size which fit well.	Dresses
This dress is easy to wear, lined and feels like it could be a wonderful summer staple. i love that it's so colorful. but for some reason, the pops of color on the white background did not look great on my very pale skin. i'm sure on someone else this will be beautiful. i also thought it ran just slightly large in the bust (although, to be fair, i am small-chested).	Dresses
I love this top!! fits perfectly, and not too long. i'm 5'4", 112 lbs and a 32dd and the small fits like a gem.not too fitted, but not boxy. i like that it covers my waist, but isn't too long, either. i may order another one i love it so much!	Knits
I saw this dress in the catalog and had to have it. when i went to the store it was sold out so i had them order and ship it to me in two sizes - my regular and one size larger. when i got them, i tried on my regular size first and it was just perfect! beautiful pattern and material. light and airy. sexy with the low-cut "keyhole." i am sooo happy with my purchase.	Dresses
I love the design of this top - short and swingy, with a cute mock turtleneck and interesting textured pattern. definitely runs large - if you're between sizes, definitely go for the smaller one. it also has pretty large armholes, so you can kind of see your bra from the side.	Knits
I bought this top in black. it is high quality material and i love the mock neck and zipper in back. however, not only are the armholes are too large, the shirt is cut too short. if i size down for smaller armholes, it becomes a crop top, not a flattering look for 50-something me. i really wanted this to work, but alas, it went back.	Knits
One of my favorite dresses in retailer!floral prints caught my eye at the first sight, so i had been desperate to have it!it looks pale on picture, but in reality, it is brighter than you imagine it would be. along with soft, floral, pretty color, i like the design of skirt. compared to the front, length is longer on the back. it fringes nicely, so it looks elegant when i walk.and the last thing i'd like to point out...because of the textile, it is quite easy to fold into appr	Dresses
The delicate print and coloring are stunning. i also like the length and fit and am really enjoying this dress. the key hole opening was a little low and showed my bra so i had to sew up the bottom inch, i also agree with an earlier comment that a full lining would be nice.this is the first dress i have bought from retailer because i generally find dresses are too short and do not provide enough coverage at the top. i hope that future collections will include midi dresses and hemlines	Dresses
The dress is just perfect. it's fits true to size and the colors are as pictured. also, a bonus, it travels well - despite having so many pleats it folds nicely and can be worn right out of the bag. very happy i got it while on sale.	Dresses
I bought this dress for an upcoming bridal shower i am attending. it fits great, is flattering, and i can also wear it to work since it is long enough.overall it was a great purchase!	Dresses
I am 5'10" 150lbs and size 8 fits me perfectly. the print is lovely and the fabric has a nice flow to it. at this price point the dress should have a lining.	Dresses
Love this, but it is not a true white. it's slightly ivory, winter white. please be accurate with color descriptions! it's extremely frustrating when online retailers don't describe colors accurately. it can be hard to see subtle color differences in photos (especially with the color white) due to lighting of the shot. we rely on descriptions when ordering online. it's not difficult to do, really it's not.that said, i didn't have any armhole trouble as others did. they were sized just right,	Knits
I had sized down because i'm usually a petite, but didn't have the option for petite here, and it was still too big. a petite or an additional size down could have helped the fit, but in the end the style wasn't what i was going for. the dress has a little more texture going on than what is revealed in the photo here on the site -- i thought it was a luxurious brocade fabric, but the shininess actually comes from silky threads on a mesh-ish overlay. it's a lovely, quality dress, and the color is	Dresses
I know you've heard it before, but this dress is so much more beautiful in person! i'm petite, usually size 4 but busty, so i tried the 4 and the 6 in the store. the 4 fit perfectly except it was a bit snug at the bust so the the slit pulled open, revealing a bit more cleavage than i wanted. the 6 fit perfectly through the bust, and although it was a bit loose through the body, the cut was still very flattering. i also tried the 6p, which fit but i preferred the longer length of the regular 6.	Dresses
Just wanted to let readers know that the dress doesn't flare out at the bottom like it shows on the model. for me, that's a good thing. it definitely sways and swishes, but doesn't flare out. you definitely have to wear a slip with it, not because it's see-through at all (it's not), but because of the static. also, this is the perfect dress for belt-lovers.	Dresses
This dress is wonderful and the petite sizing is really for petites! (i have recently returned two dresses and a skirt that were way too large in the petite offering...so i was not really expecting this dress to fit so well!) i ordered in the 2p. i am 5'4" about 120#. it fits beautifully...even though it's a tad bit loose in the arm openings and i think i could have sized down to the 0p (it is no longer available though). but this dress drapes so lovely and the material is so thin that there is	Dresses
Very versatile tank.....i will wear it with slacks, skirts, culottes, jeans. it is soft; and the pattern is more noticeable than in the picture. i ordered the white; and i may order the black too. i am 5'4'', 130 lbs. ordered in small. the armholes are perfect - no gap at all.	Knits
I really like this dress. it does not bother me that it is not lined. i feel very feminine wearing it. i plan to get a shrug to wear with it.	Dresses
This dress is to die for. the picture doesn't do it justice. so pretty and dainty. perfect dress for a wedding.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. it is better in person than online. i love the detail of the pleats and the waist. it is light weight and perfectly lines and a beautiful dress for twirling with a martini in hand. in fact, my sister tried to steal it from during a recent trip to europe. it is that adorable and flattering - highly recommend!	Dresses
I loved everything about this shirt except the harm holes are oddly large. i tried on a medium and the arm holes were very large so i thought a small would fit better but it didn't, the fabric is beautiful and the diamond pattern looks amazing up close but i decided to return the top because the arm holes just stuck out so awkwardly.	Knits
The fabric and cut of the dress is beautiful. i am writing a review so i can share my experience regarding size. i ordered the dress in size 2, my normal size for this designer. it fit ok but was a little large in the bust area. for reference, i am a 34 a. i i returned it and ordered a size 0, which fits perfectly.	Dresses
I love this tank top. i was looking for a mockneck tank for a while, and this totally fit the bill. i wear it to work and out, and feel great in it.	Knits
Beautiful top marred only by the armholes. i tried a small and a medium but alas, my bra showed under the arms. i my be overly endowed for this top, but the way it cuts, you would have to be braless to wear it. not for me, but wish it worked. it is really pretty.	Knits
I have been searching my entire marriage -- 11 years -- for the perfect christmas and valentine's day dress. it had to be red, it had to be the right red, and it had to be my style. there were several i saw over the years that were either too burgundy or too matronly. when i saw this dress, i knew my 11-year search was over! this is the most beautiful and elegant, red, special-occasion dress i have ever seen! i cannot wait to wear it for christmas! i think retailer should have reordered thi	Dresses
I loved the pattern, color and mock turtleneck style of this top, but it was just too short on me. i purchased the xs in the ivory color (i am 5'5", 32d, 110 lbs for reference). i had planned to layer this under jackets for work, but every time i raised my arms, you could see my stomach. i would not have felt comfortable wearing it to work because of this. the fit was slightly boxy also, and it was not flattering when i tucked it into a skirt because the boxy shape caused the shirt to bunch up s	Knits
I purchased this dress in "yellow" in a size 8 and 10 since i'm between sizes, and the 8 fits like a dream. i love this dress. it's a nice length, hitting just below my knees, and i can pull off strappy sandals as well as wedge heels and it all looks great. i also like that the top is situated so that i can wear a regular bra with it. i was concerned that the pleats would look tacky in person, but they give the dress a nice amount of movement and swing. highly recommend!	Dresses
So much prettier in person! beautiful colors matched together! so light and relaxing! love at first sight!	Dresses
This dress is very pretty colorwise, but the fit did not work for me. i could see this working on girls with narrow hips, but it didn't flatter my narrow waist/wide hip frame.	Dresses
Beautiful and high quality. unfortunately it made me look top-heavy. i am a 36dd .	Dresses
I wanted to love this so much that i ordered in both a mp and sp. both have gone back. i'm petite and curvy - particularly on top. i wear petites 90% of the time. this didn't fit like a petite - it was cut like full size in every way - particularly the arm holes and length. when the mp didn't fit (i always start trying on in the larger size), i thought - well surely the small will be better. i considered keeping because i would wear it with jackets over it, then decided that was crazy. disappoin	Knits
Thought i would love this product, but i had to return it. the fabric and design were very nice but the length was very short and the neck too tight. i ordered a xxsp which is usually the size i get. if i had known i would have ordered a regular xxs. not sure if this would have solved the problem. might be worth going to the store to try.	Knits
Great dress. bit see through on the skirt. need to wear slip with it.	Dresses
Great job from the fabricators in creating such a gorgeous print on light-as-air silk! i'm so happy with the dress and can stare at it for hours, that's how pretty it is. the fit is perfect on me and disguised my figure flaws since it's an a-line skirt that doesn't cling. yes, the skirt is sheer and unlined and for the price a slip should have been included. fortunately i own a silky half slip that complements nicely. i'm a top heavy 36dd, large rib cage, 140# with a square waist and no hips and	Dresses
I love tracy reese designs because they are so feminine and figure flattering. this dress almost hits the target, it's just a bit off on the bodice, especially at the back and sides. the pleating balloons out too much. i'm sure a little tailoring will fix this, it's up to the buyer if that's worth the money to do it. for myself, i'm just wearing a thin cropped cardi to hide the billow. since petite was sold out, i took a regular size 8 which is the smaller of my size range. the length makes this	Dresses
I love this top so much that i ordered it in second color. it is shorter but still works with skirts and pants. the material is a fun texture. i didn't have any problems with the arm holes, but this may be due to being less full in the bust area.	Knits
Love the fit, i purchased a medium,and like the room it gives, not snug against my body. the waistline cut is my favorite. purchased three colors, black, white and mustard. all are very flattering for my age (60) and i wear with my skinny jeans!	Knits
This is such a flattering, easy to wear dress! i am a size 6 with a 32g bust, and this dress fits me perfectly. so if you're busty, this should work for you too. soft, flowy, feminine. looking forward to warm weather!	Dresses
Absolutely adore the simplicity and style of this dress. dress is quite flowy, the fabric under the pleats is very soft making is quite comfortable.	Dresses
This dress has a marilyn feel to it, felt like a dream	Dresses
Just bought this for easter and it fits beautifully! not only is the cut very flattering, but the colors and fabric are perfect for spring!	Dresses
The cut of this dress is designed for any figure! the back hem sweeps as you walk, and the pleats prevent the material clinging to places you want to downplay, such as bulges. even flat chested women can look curvy and lovely in this dress. only downside, if any, is the lavender coloring which doesn't do much for impact if you are pale skinned and fair. i'm blonde, and while i got lots of compliments on the becoming flow of the dress, even i can see it doesn't say wow because i kind of fade away	Dresses
This is the second of the new dress batch i have purchased and it is lovely. this catalog shot does not do it justice.the colors are brighter, but not neon, lots of indigo and coral. there is a tad of yellow? the bodice makes my aa size look much "more." the bodice fits me perfectly as the top pleating is flat. the v neck is just right - not too low, and the back is even prettier.the dress just fell gracefully out of the package without a wrinkle and without a mussed pleat! that was a sh	Dresses
I love this dress! it is perfect for a wedding, brunch with friends, or even work. it is beautifully made and is comfortable. i have it in the yellow colorway, but i am tempted to go back and purchase it in the purple colorway as well.	Dresses
This dress is much prettier in person! colors are more vibrant and don't need to iron!!! the neckline was too low for me, so wore a light purple cami underneath which matched the purplish shade of the dress! perfect!!!	Dresses
The colors (including the deep blue in the background) are as vibrant and harmonious in person as you would hope, it looks like an oil pastel drawing! the print itself is very well done, i'm so picky about the quality and resolution but even up close every part is beautiful. the cut is great, it doesn't show too much of the armpit, the straps and sides cover a normal bra, and the neckline just shows the collarbones.the feel is very light and floaty; some sites mislabel the material but t	Dresses
This is a lovely dress that i would consider to purchase if the dress is lined and the key hole is not deep. tts	Dresses
The arm holes are a little large but not to a point i can not deal with them! it hits just at the right place on my body and is very flattering. i love the print and it is going to be a staple with jackets and alone!!	Knits
I'm a slightly pear shaped girl. a c chest with size 14 hips. the dress fit great around my waist and would have been perfect except the space in the chest area was too big. it looked odd on me with all the extra fluff in the chest. fabric is nice and flowy. the dress is lined.	Dresses
I wasn't sure what to expect when i ordered this but when it arrived i was pleasantly surprised that it's by postmark and has an interesting cut. i ordered the xl in the hope that it would be oversized and slouchy. it is that and more! the lightweight, sweater like material is truly perfect for the transition to spring. i look forward to wearing it tomorrow!	Knits
This is more a sweater than a sweatshirt but it also feels more casual, like a sweatshirt. i put it on and immediately felt comfortable. it's stylish but not frumpy and it will work for me running around town doing errands or going out for a casual lunch or dinner. it's a perfect weight sweater to throw on in the cool cali evenings.	Knits
This is a very pretty color. loved the flow and the length of this top. however the neck hole seemed too small for the top. all the embroidering is at the neck and makes that part very stiff. going back	Knits
Love this tunic. very comfortable and a perfect length to the knee. i wore it to a birthday party with brown booties. the green moss color is perfect for the fall in new england. can't wait to wear it again.	Dresses
For reference: 5'3, 130#, athletic/muscular body type (broad shoulders, slim hips)i ordered the small and i was absolutely swimming in it. perhaps the petite would have been better, but there was just too much fabric everywhere. the sleeves were ridiculous on me, and even cinching the waist with a belt just wouldn't have slimmed the silhouette for me. i have muscular shoulders, and 34d chest, so the top fit as it should, just everything became way too much elsewhere. the fabric was soft and sw	Dresses
This really was nothing special. for $68 there are much cuter tops at retailer. it wasn't particularly flattering as it was very boxy, so it added volume. it was soft and felt like decent quality which was nice. i agree with another reviewer that the ruffles feel too big. overall, this was just a miss for me.	Knits
I bought this top in the gray color and my usual size large.  the fit is perfect. i don't have the tight neck issue that another reviewer had. there is an odd knitted neck that you can't see on the model since her hair covers it. i love the softness, fit, and embroidery of the top, but was debating on returning because of that weird, stiff neck knitting. my husband said that he really liked it, so i gave it a shot. i'm wearing it right now and it's super comfortable. i don't notice the nec	Knits
This was way too big on me, so i gave it to a friend. not only does it fit her really well and look great, but it has become her new favorite sweater! love the casual everyday style, and am tempted to order one in a smaller size for myself.	Knits
It is a little boxy, but it?s not unflattering in my opinion. the sweatshirt material is soft, the ruffles keep their shape and position, and aren?t too overwhelming on my small frame. i like the small slits on the sides, they allow the sweater to drape nicely. it also hit at a flattering spot, a little below the hip. 5?1??, 100 lbs, and got the xxs petite. this fit true to size for me.	Knits
Dear retailer & designers:just want a nice dress that isn't made from polyester! don't mind paying bigger bucks for quality fabrics, but please- enough of the polyester! love,your customers	Dresses
I bought the xs regular and it was a little too long and wide. i was unable to find a petite version in the store or online. the ruffles were also bigger than how they appear on the model. i am 5'1" tall and weigh 110 lbs. i believe the petite would have been a much better fit. i regret not discovering this top sooner when more size options were available.	Knits
I totally agree with the first review. i thought this was soooo cute on the model, but it's loose fitting and has no shape to it.	Knits
This top is really cute online, but that's about it. it runs large, but even if i sized down the ruffles were a bit much and the top was a little boxy surprisingly.	Knits
The sweater material was fragile. there were already two picks in the fabric when it arrived. i felt like it would not wear or wash well. i was also disappointed in the shaping or how it hung on my body. i am returning the sweater.	Knits
I don't know what the problem with this sweater was on me but it just didn't work. it was too wide across the breastline, i think, creating a boxy shape that just didn't look flattering. outside of that, the sweater was lightweight and seemed well made. i was sad to send it back, especially at the sale price.	Knits
This lightweight sweater arrived within a few days of ordering and was packaged well. its fit is true to size and will be perfect for slightly cool days and evenings. the navy blue color is accurately represented in the picture. my only issue with this item is that one of the small lace panels at the hem on the hip is not sewn in all the way. i will keep it since it was on sale, but i need to decide whether to have it fixed or to just remove both of them as they are very small and don't add much	Knits
This top is much more beautiful in person than in the photo. the embroidery is exquisite and there is the tiniest bit of sparkle amidst the design. soft, flowing and flattering. definitely a keeper.	Knits
Prettier in person! so pretty! i'm 5' 6'' 120 lbs and the xxs fit well. i normally wear a 0-2.	Knits
I was very disappointed in the quality of this top. the first time i wore it it snagged right in the front. i had to pull the thread under so it wasn't exposed. i put it in the wash in the gentle cycle and it was destroyed with several more snags when i removed it from the machine. this top is extremely delicate and doesn't withstand normal everyday casual wear although it's s casual lightweight sweater. now it's just a wear around the house ratty throw around shirt.	Knits
In the photo and from far away this top looks more elegant than it truly is. wearing it feels like something better suited for sleeping in. it's a sweatshirt with the sleeves torn off and raw edges, which looks rather cheap and sloppy.	Knits
I wanted to love this top. it was huge and i didn't like the material. it felt like it should have been much less expensive than it was.	Knits
This top has gorgeous embroidery, very very nice, looks good in both wine and grey. it runs large. i kept it around not sure whether i should keep it. i usually wear xl, i ordered l and it still was loose at the bottom but fitted at the top. i have a big bust, and the embroidery ended at the top of my bust making the entire look unflattering, because the bust juts out in a strange way below the embroidery. the arms also tend to look wider due to the style. i don't like the fit at all.	Knits
This is so much better than wearing a grey sweatshirt. i love it and it makes me feel pretty.	Knits
Purchased to speak at an event. not only is it very eye catching and i garnered many compliments it fit like it was made for me and was comfortable to wear. i questioned ordering a 4 and possibly could have worn a 6 but with the elasticity to the material there was no problem with movement or sitting and i felt hugged in in all the right places!	Dresses
Remarkable dress, so much so that people stop me to remark about it!	Dresses
I wore this to a wedding yesterday and received several compliments. the dress is well made and very comfortable. i know i will wear it again.	Dresses
Wore it to a cousins wedding. loved it! probably one of the best dresses that i have ever worn. lots of compliments. felt great dancing the night away.	Dresses
I was so excited to get the dress, it's extremely beautiful and comfortable. the size i picked was unfortunately too big for me though, i just had a baby so it's hard to figure out what size i am now..details were exquisite.	Dresses
I don&amp;#39;t write many reviews but i loved this dress and had to share! i&amp;#39;m normally about a true 6 and have been finding a lot of retailer dresses running rather large. i tried this on in the store in a 2 and because of the stretch in it, it fit my hourglass shape really well. i have a melodies that pencil dress in a 6p that fits great so this style i think runs a bit larger. i wore it to a date night and it helped make the evening special.	Dresses
This dress is a beautiful, classic dress that is figure flattering and as stunning in person as it is in the photo. i love it!!!	Dresses
Love this dress. sexy but still appropriate. very elegant. i'm 5'6, 125 pounds, and the size 2 fit me great. it is a little long so i am considering ordering the size 2 petite. definitely worth the money.	Dresses
Great dress, received tons of compliments. downside to the dress is it stretched a bit and was feeling a bit loose by the end of the evening.	Dresses
This gorgeous dress arrived today and i can't wait to wear it. based on other reviews i ordered a 6 petite even though i'm 5'6" because i wanted the skirt to hit just above my knee. it's perfect. i usually wear a 4 or 6 and the 6p fits well, not snug but not big either. maybe a 6r would be larger, i don't know. if you are worried about the skirt being too long then definitely try a petite size. the dress is risqu because it's faux "see through" but still very classy and elegant. it's sexy w	Dresses
This dress fits like a dream and looks gorgeous on. i'm sure it will be a go to for many occasions.	Dresses
I had high hopes after reading all of the reviews, but as you can see, the dress didn't live up to them. i ordered a size 8, and maybe a 6 would've fit better, but i'm not going to find out. the sheer area on the model really stands out; it does not in real life. there were loose threads throughout, and there really shouldn't be at this price point. i was going to wear this to a wedding, but as a member of the wedding party, i don't think it would picture well at all. i'm sorry that it's headed	Dresses
Very cute summer dress. it runs a bit large and it doesn't give you shape. but, it's good for me to hide my belly fat. the dress is so comfortable to wear. i didn't know that it has pockets, so that was a pleasant surprise (i always love pockets). overall, it's a perfect summer dress.	Dresses
This dress is amazing. i bought it for an afternoon wedding i'm attending, it's perfect! it fits like a glove and the lace is so delicate. the nude sheath really allows the lace and all the details to stand out. love it in the black!	Dresses
This dress is absolutely gorgeous! love, love, love! i am 5'2 and the petite sizing was perfect.	Dresses
This is my 4th byron lars dress and i just love this designer. his dresses all fit the same as far as i can tell. i had bought this dress as my sister in law recommended it so much and she was right it is stunning!	Dresses
I ordered my normal size in this dress. i am 6 foot tall, but the regular sizes were too large and too long (mid-calf). i returned the dress for a size smaller in petite for a more flattering hemline. the dress is lovely, especially on the models in the pictures, but didn't quite work out for me. also, it feels like there are hundreds of closure hooks that make putting on/taking off the dress seem to take an unusually long time!	Dresses
This black dress is stunning...i've already worn it to a fashion show and a wedding and i received so many compliments!	Dresses
This is a very flattering dress that is perfect for those little black dress occasions. two other people in my family own this dress and love it, it's now my turn to add it to my collection. the dress is quite long for my 5"6" frame, so i have reordered it in a petite size for a little better fit and length. the lace is very detailed and the nude slip underneath keeps the lace from being too revealing. very elegant, a little chanel like. and by the way, the belt is included, as another reviewer	Dresses
I had really high hopes for this dress based on the reviews. i'm on the curvier side, but was surprised to find that my usual size 12 was very loose and long - the hem hit just below my knee. instead of feeling sexy, the weird fit just made me feel matronly. i'm going to exchange for a 10 petite, which will hopefully be a little more figure-hugging and not as long. despite my fit issues, the design is stunning, intricate, and unusual. i'm hoping that the new size will do it more justice.	Dresses
I generally wear a size 6, and am 5 ft 3 in in height. the size 6 fell below the knees and did not look right. the fit of the 6 petite is beautiful and flattering. the dress is indeed lovely, and i really want to love this dress as much as others do... however, i am conflicted. i am modest in my style, and even though nothing is revealed, the strategic placement of lace panels makes it a bit suggestive, and takes it out of my comfort zone.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely perfectly delightful! fits like a glove and is stunning on. i couldn't be happier with this purchase! i wore it to a wedding in october and felt beautiful and sexy all at the same time. i usually struggle with dresses because i am under 5 feet, i purchased a 0p and it fits very well. no tailoring needed. only problem was that once i was on the dance floor the hooks in the front of the dress began to come undone, yikes! i had to leave the dance floor a couple of times and	Dresses
I bought this dress for the kentucky derby. i was worried about wearing navy to an event known for bright colors, but the gorgeous lace and rosettes are light and beautiful. i paired it with a lavender hat, and i was ready for a mint julep! i usually wear a 2 or a 4, so i ordered both. the 2 fit best. i will be wearing this dress to a wedding in the fall and for many events for years to come. stunning!	Dresses
I was looking for the perfect july 4th weekend dress, with enough room to be comfy (and eat!) while also being chic and feeling cute.i got countless compliments on this dress.. the design is adorable, and the fit is really flattering. i'm 5'4" and i weigh about 128 - i normally would have worn a small, but i had to spring for the petite xs. the design is a bit big and billowy, and anything else would have swallowed me up.overall, great purchase. i am in love! :)	Dresses
Got this dress in the mail today, and i am blown away. the fit is amazing! normally i would get an 8 in dresses, sometimes a 6, i got a 6 in this one and it's perfect. hugs in all the right places. everyone needs this dress! i feel like with the style and fit of this dress, it should be a little more snug so i recommend sizing down. cannot wait to wear this one!	Dresses
I love this dress! it's very cute and comfortable. i belted it to give me more of a waistline because otherwise the tented shape overwhelms my short stature. i love the strap design at the neckline. the off the shoulder sleeves are comfortable. i have an xsp which is true to size for me.	Dresses
Incredibly flattering and going to be useful for multiple occasions - i needed a 'default' black dress and this is it.only downside - it's pictured with a beautiful grosgrain ribbon at the waist, but does not actually come with the ribbon. i'll be trying to find something similar at a ribbon/embroidery shop, as the dress would really benefit from a slightly cinched waist.	Dresses
This dress has been on retailer's site for a while now (years?) and i finally grabbed one during a recent member sale. i can't believe i waited so long! it's so gorgeous on - classy but still distinctly sexy. i'm 5'10" 160# and the size 8 fits great - definitely fitted through the hips and thighs and roomy enough on top i considered taking it in. beautiful dress overall!	Dresses
This dress is really lovely. it looks so fragile online but in person is rather structured and substantial. it runs very large i just returned mine for 2 sizes down. i also like the zipper up the back so that the eye hooks on the front are not necessary to use to put on. the interior lining is affixed so there is no slipping like a typical under slip. if you are on the fence at least try it. i am glad i did.	Dresses
I wasn't looking for a little black dress but i couldn't resist this one. it's as stunning in person as it is in the pictures online. the front has a corset-like closure which i didn't realize until it arrived. it's very classy though, not cheap looking. the lace detail is really beautiful. i was a bit concerned about how the sheer looking areas would look because i was hoping to wear the dress for a dressy work function. it's definitely a sexy dress but the fact that there's so much coverage ma	Dresses
This is truly the best black dress...you can wear to sooo many things. a long time keeper for the closet. i felt it ran a little bit big...i am normally an 8-10...i bought both sizes (8 and 10)...kept the 8...but felt i could even get away with a 6...but didn't want to pay shipping again for another size. i am 5'7" and 155lbs. it is truly a flattering dress for any figure.	Dresses
I love this dress. i found it to run one size big. i am 5'8'' 128lbs and went down a size to a 2. i purchased both a 4 and 2, then tried them on a few times, and the smaller size didn't pull at all because it fit me right, the larger one, hung lower and didn't look right. i received compliments all night when i wore this and paired it with black heels and a small back clutch. very comfortable too.	Dresses
I don't know that there needs to be more reviews, but here goes. the dress is gorgeous! i have never received so many compliments on a dress of mine, and i have some really lovely ones. strangers and friends alike were complimenting me. i had been eyeing this online, but never pulled the trigger thinking i'd never need a dress like this anytime soon. then i came across this in person at my local store, and i instantly fell in love. don't hesitate! and, if you're lucky that retailer is having o	Dresses
Love this dress. the fit is amazing. i wore it to church for my brother's wedding and got so many compliments. it looks great in photos too!	Dresses
I would not have spent this much on a dress without a gift card, but it absolutely lives up to the hype.	Dresses
I've eyed this dress forever and finally decided to buy it. i literally read every single review to make sure i ordered the right size. i'm 5'4-3/4", 36c-32-37 with a drop-waist that measures 34. based on the reviews, i ordered a regular size 6. i tried it on with a bra and also without, and the dress fits so well and beautifully both ways. but for complete comfort, i'll probably go without the bra (the lining and design don't show anything you don't want seen!). sitting in it feels great too. i	Dresses
I disagree with reviewers who said the dress looked cheap, cavernous or stiff. quite the opposite. i wore this to my 32nd anniversary dinner, and two women stopped me to say i was stunning. i am an average medium hourglass. the dress arrived in 2 weeks and was true to size. i wore a nude lace strapless bra underneath. the hem reaches the bottom of my kneecaps. the lace sleeves were not tight on my fleshy arms. the neckline lays flat. the dress zips in back, and the silver hooks in front are most	Dresses
Fabulous dress!clip off the tags because they show through the lace on the back (you can see this on the back photo of one recent reviewer).	Dresses
I love this dress and am strongly considering buying the white, too, but i wish it came in another color other than white or black, because i would get that. goes great for nice dinners, dates, weddings, almost anything. it's not ball-gown fancy, but just fitted and nice enough to wear for work or a nice evening out. only problem i have are with the clips in the front. i have a hard time using the loo because it is very fitted, you have to un clip them and then re-clip, but it's worth the effort	Dresses
This is a unique beautiful dress and it fits like a glove.	Dresses
I so wanted to love this but was underwhelmed - ii am tall but yet it hit below my knee in that awkward spot that is just a tad too long to be hip stylish and too short to be evening cocktail - just felt / looked frumpy ... i do think it looks great on other reviewers though so may just be that if wasn't a good fit for my body type - i wore my normal size 6 and it just didn't flatter - made me feel 10 years older	Dresses
I love this dress. i purchased a size down from my normal dress size after reading the reviews. i'm 5'9" 148lbs 34dd and the size 6 fit perfect. the attached slip is a tad darker than my very fair skin color but it still works. can't wait to dress it up with some nice heels.	Dresses
I purchased this dress for my 50th birthday bash!!! it was stunning!!! the fit was perfect. i did buy it a size up, but could have worn my regular size. it is incredibly flattering and elegant. very well made. one of my go to black dresses for the summer!!!	Dresses
The picture doesn't do this blouse any justice. the fabric is really nice and the back is really what makes this blouse. the bows down the back of the blouse make it pop!	Knits
This dress is gorjuss!! i thought i would be in between a 10-12, but after trying on the 8 in the store--i'm a perfect 10. i was a little nervous about the price, but then i said, "treat yoself!" and made the leap and didn't look back. i felt so confident wearing this to a wedding and received so many compliments. i wanted a dress that made me feel sexy, without showing so much skin--this achieved it all! make the purchase--you won't regret it :-)i'm 5'8, 195lbs and the 10 was spot on!	Dresses
I am a proportionate 5'4" 39 year old and thought this dress would look great. it's a-line and looks a lot like the kind of dresses that usually fit me nicely. i bought it in an 8p, which is my normal size. the hips were a little too big, but not bad. the top part, however, was enormous. the cut in the shoulders/neckline was way too wide, the lace sleeves were way too big, there was too much room in the bust (my c cup was inadequate), etc. this dress would look nice on someone who is thicker/vol	Dresses
I was feeling defeated in my search for a dress for some upcoming holiday parties while shopping today. i saw this dress in the dressing room as another customer was trying it on. she was a shorter petite woman and this dress looked amazing on her. it instantly caught my eye and it looked great on her! i went and was lucky enough to find a size 10. lately i've been closer to a 12 sadly and was worried this was going to be another bust. i'm 5/11 and much curvier than the woman i saw in the dressi	Dresses
I think this dress is beautiful. i ordered it for my brother's wedding, but the nude slip underneath made the dress look a bit too revealing. i may keep it for a holiday party though because it really is gorgeous and super flattering. it dies run large. typically i'm a 10 and the 8 fit perfectly.	Dresses
I tried this dress on in store, and i realized it is true to size in every way. i am 5'1 and needed a petite for it to land just above my knee. this dress was elegant- i wore it to a wedding and some thought it was a "rent the runway" dress! ha! i'm way to classy for that. for all you ladies who want to look sophisticated in those cooler evening events, this is your dress! i felt so elegant and danced the night away and had no issues! the clasps go all the way down the dress, so i do suggest (li	Dresses
I have purchased over 7 byron lars dresses. i'm addicted to his style and perfect fit for the curvy woman. whether you are a 2 or 12 you will feel beautiful and if you care to present yourself on the occasion as a most lovely lady that oozes of mystery wear this dress. throw your next day dirty hair up with any classic retailer pins, barrettes or headband along with a strong lip color with earrings only. or go nude lips, smoky eyes and heels. this dress carries itself. don't over accessorize with	Dresses
I wore this to an engagement party and got compliments all night. it is absolutely gorgeous and very slimming! i got a petite 4, and it fit perfectly. for reference. i am 5'2 and 125 lbs. you ill not regret buying this dress!	Dresses
Bought this dress for a friend's wedding. i have since worn it to two others and the opera numerous times. it's my favorite little black dress as it's sexy and modest at the same time. i receive numerous compliments every time i wear it! it's easy to get into, the zipper is sturdy and the fabric is breathable, stretchy but not clingy.	Dresses
I really liked the casual style of this top, but i was disappointed when i put it on. it's cut weird- the shoulder cut-outs are smaller than pictured and just don't seem to hang right. they don't hit where they're supposed to and the sleeves were also not as pictured, more like 3/4 which i didn't like. the color is really nice and i liked the fabric but the fit was just off. i tried xs and s. both fit weird.	Knits
This is a really cute sweater. it's thick enough to keep you warm, but it just didn't look right on me. it made me look frumpy.	Knits
Bought this in my usual size small and it fits well. i wear it around the house constantly to stay warm this winter. it is so very warm and comfortable. very easy to wear. could be worn out, but i prefer it with lounge pants due to the comfort and warmth it provides. it is a nice neutral and can be worn with many other retailer casual clothes. highly recommend!	Knits
I typically wear a medium, but went with a large because i am pregnant and tall. i think i could have used the medium in width, but like the length of the large. it is a wider fit and is significantly shorter in the front than the back, but i think works with the look of the top. i think you could dress it up or down and the fabric is cozy. i would highlight that it has a wider fit, but i think that is the design of the top. overall, i am pleased and i think meets my search for an off the should	Knits
I really like this top. is casual and easy to wear with short right now and will be super cute with jeans when it gets cooler.	Knits
If you're expecting a sweatshirt when you order this, you might be disappointed. it's actually more like a banded t-shirt, which i don't mind. i'm 5'2" and the length comes just below the button on my jeans. perfect length for us shorter gals. sleeves are quite long on me, but i like to wear them pushed up anyways (and they actually stay up). i wouldn't pay full price for this, but it's a nice top at the sale price. cute with destroyed jeans or black leggings.	Knits
Not sure why it has gotten good ratings and or why sold out online periodically. awkward fit and flares quit a bit at waist. also has extra material at waist line so does not look flattering.	Knits
This sweater is a hit. the color is fantastic and the shoulder cutouts add a feminine and unique touch. looks amazing paired with booties, a statement necklace and jeans. definitely affordable too! highly recommend	Knits
I loke the idea of this jacket but it was executed poorly. it makes me look like a football player! i am 5'8 135/athletic build and i was swimming in the m. i tried a small on in store and it still looked like i was wearing shoulder pads. it hangs and gaps awkwardly. the sleeves are freakishly long and the overall length was too short.	Knits
Color, fabric blend, and pattern are even more beautiful in person! unfortunately, i wont be keeping this due to length. i am only 5'3" and this top dropped only to about 2 inches below my navel. if you have a short torso, or like the short look, i would recommend this!	Knits
I ordered this online expecting more of a heavier sweater. its really more like a t-shirt which is actually fine. its super comfortable and it's really cute. my only complaint is that it is pretty short. i'm 5'7" and i would love it if it were just an inch or two longer in the torso. other than that it's a great shirt.	Knits
Cute blouse & great price !!	Knits
Loved this shirt but it runs pretty big. i'm normally a sm/med due to bust size (34ddd) and ordered a small based on other reviews. could have gotten an x-small. debating going to exchange. i ordered it in three colors bc it was on sale. better quality than some at retailer.	Knits
This shirt is amazing. i bought it in white and found i was wearing it with everything...so i went back to get the gold (which is yellow). the dit runs big so order a size down. love the riffle around the sleeve and the little dot trim. very cute!	Knits
Cute, casual dress -- i especially love the thick fabric, as i think it will hold up well. the fit is slightly boxy, but it's short enough for it not to matter as much, and the waist tie helps give the dress a little shape. i was surprised that the the petite xs was off for me proportionally (usually i wear petite sizing at retailer) but the regular xs fit much better.	Dresses
I love this top, it gives a little bit of a sleeveless look yet is more flattering on the arms for those who don't normally wear sleeveless tops. i think it runs very large - i'm normally a size s/m and the extra small was right. it's loose around the waist yet has a feminine fit.the tiny balls around the neck, button at the back, flutter sleeves, and linen fabric are all cute details that make this top unique. i also like how the fluttering goes down the sides and not just around the sleeve.	Knits
I got this dress in the mail, and while i loved the concept of it, it really is too boxy. the tie is very superficial and does not really nip you in at the waist, it is more so for show. it is fully lined which was interesting, and to me, made the dress seem boxier. the quality is good, but i am an hourglass and this was completely unflattering. i would have had to size up to make it look like the model shot, but it would have still been a shapeless dress, just bigger. it does fit true to size,	Dresses
I love this pajama combo! it is super cute and comfortable!	Knits
Pretty top, i like the flutter sleeve design. the linen is thin- too sheer to not wear a cami underneath the white. nice for the sale price. can easily be dressed up or down.	Knits
This top is beautiful and the color yellow is gorgeous. i highly recommend!	Knits
Feminine flow, however slightly large. such soft material. love the little details.	Knits
I found this dress to be shapeless on (even when the belt was tied). i love the tshirt material and the fact it has short sleeves. it's just too boxy.	Dresses
The fabric and cut of this blouse are beautiful, but the v was so deep i could never wear it without a cami and i think that would ruin the look. i have a large chest, but the similarly cut blouse (without the textured fabric - from the same designer) fit me fine. this one is just cut differently. i even tried sizing up and down - to no avail. the photo on the model seems misleading because i don't see how the neck would lay flat or stay that high on anyone - even with a smaller chest. i was so	Knits
Love this top. have two of them. they are comfy, light-weight and extremely flattering. love!	Knits
I love this dress! i was trying on some dresses in the store and the sales girl put this one in just for fun. i would have never picked this dress out. i didn't look awesome on the hanger. but i tried it on anyway and i ended up getting two other dresses at that time. but i couldn't stop thinking about how much i loved the way i looked and felt in this dress. so i did what any girl would do and bought it online. it took me a while to find it online because the picture on line doesn't do the dres	Dresses
Cute and comfortable. paired with tights and boots for work, will also look cute with flats or sandals in the spring. the fabric is a nice weigh, not too flimsy. might be a bit short on a taller gal.	Dresses
This dress is very versatile and i plan to use in all year round with some tights and boots in the fall/winter and strappy sandals in spring/summer. i originally purchased this dress in a m but had to size down for a more snug and flattering fit. the navy is much darker than the picture.	Dresses
Love this dress! wore it last night for a musical event... came home and put it on the hand wash setting in the washer with cold water...just as the label states. pulled the dress out and guess what? the design is completely faded!!! it looks 5 years old :( so sad. i'm going to call retailer and ask for a refund (i live two hours away)	Dresses
So pretty, love hte design on this one.i tried on hte regualr size, adn will not need a petite, it hit me jsut above my knee. younger gals may oprefer shorter, however.the aottern is also nice. the cut is flowy and flattering, nothing bad to say about htis dress...	Dresses
I ordered the xxs because it seems like a flowy top, and glad i did, it fits perfectly. love the blue color, very rich. material is super soft, cut is very flattering, and i love the back. i tried it on with my strapless since that is what i was wearing, but not sure if straps show on a regular bra. (30dd for info)	Knits
Great cut and fit. tts. size 6 fit my 5'5", 135 pound frame (34b/c bust) wonderfully. my sister and best friend loved it on. but i'm returning. the color is more of a very bright orange than red. i would want to wear this in the middle of summer but the all-polyester fabric is hot. i have too many dresses in my closet. cute as it is, i'd just never pick this one. love to see this design in lighter fabric and different color options. 1-2" longer would also be a slightly better length.	Dresses
Very flattering and flowy dress. would pair this dress with cowboy boots or navy wedges.	Dresses
This is my favorite shirt ever. i've had it for years and it still looks great. please, please bring it back!!	Knits
This unique blouse is very comfortable and looks beautiful on the body. it flowy and flattering and looks great with my tan. dress up or down, it's a staple in my summer wardrobe.	Knits
I adore this dress.the fabrics are elegant and unique and combine for a stunning look!tried with a belt and looks wonderful with or without......so many options.perfect dress for warm autumn days!ordered my usual size and fits very true to size.a must have!	Dresses
Not only was it love at first sight when i saw it online, but i fell even more in love at first touch! everything about this dress is perfection. i got the black motif & the colors are just lovely. the weight & feel of the dress are nice, & the length is great. i added a skinny black belt for more waist definition, but it's cute with or without it. i am more than pleased with this purchase.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress, but even though i got a small, it was still too big. i also don't think the horizontal pattern was a good look for me, other than that, it is beautiful and the fabric felt nice.	Dresses
This is just adorable on. i go between a small and medium and the small was perfect for me.. i wore this with tights and boots, but can also see this working in warmer weather with sandals or peep-toe booties.	Dresses
I really like the dress it is cute and comfortable. the only problem i'm having is finding leggings that match the way i want. dress will be cute with leggings and boots or sandals in the spring. it is very casual.	Dresses
Cute dress. can be worn with boots, flats, or heels. i am 5'1, 112 lbs, 34 b chest and i got this dress in size petite small. i am pear shape, with a bigger bottom, and love how dress enhances my shape! my style is more classic, but i really like this dress.	Dresses
I was at first a bit leery of this dress because of the shape. baggy is in, but it's not always flattering. i am usually a big small-medium and the medium was too fluffy. i realize it's supposed to be loose, but not that loose. i'm 5'8" and 146 lbs and the small was the best option. perfect amount of looseness but still gave a hint of shape. it has pockets and is so comfortable. i'm a school teacher so i try to find clothes that i can wear in both worlds. this is definitely a keeper! i will for	Dresses
I've been wanting to try on this dress since it popped up online, we visited san francisco this weekend & i finally got my chance. it fit great & was flattering! i am currently pregnant & it worked with my growing belly but will also look good when i do not have a belly. i would definitely recommend! <3	Dresses
Great style - can be dressed up or down.	Dresses
This dress looks so plain on this model you'd never guess it looks so adorable on. i saw it as i walked into my local retailer and tried it on quickly over skinny jeans i was wearing with grey suede boots and it looked amazing! it's a perfect teacher dress. wear it over tights or jeans during colder weather, chunky sandals during warmer weather. it has side pockets i absolutely love. you must try it on to believe it. the fabric is soft and of great quality.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely hideous on my physique. ordered a size 6 and it hung on me like a cheaply made tent. i have an athletic built am a 34d. it is going back asap.	Dresses
I had only planned to check out this dress at the store but ended up buying it then and there! not a deal breaker but there were extra threads hanging from some parts of the dress. it made me a bit concern that the stitching would unravel during wear. so far, so good! i wish they had paid more attention to little details like that.	Dresses
I bought this dress for spring/early summer thinking it was light and airy but the fabric is too heavy. because the color is dark (even with the flecks of peach), combined with the heavy fabric, it's too much for spring. this dress is perfect for early fall weather. the dress fits fabulous and very flattering. i love the side pockets. it hits all the right places. i'm hourglass shaped, full figured. i normally wear size 14/16 and i bought this dress in lg. again, it fits great, but too heavy for	Dresses
I love the way this dress looks on me. it skims my figure to hide my flaws, the bright embroidery is eye catching, the layers flow when i walk, it's a great midi length and it doesn't make me look wider in profile. i'm not having the see-through issue since the patterns are busy and my lingerie matches. i purchased 10 petite and my measurements are 39-28-35. my dilemma is three fold: the material is polyester & rayon, causing some uncomfortable heat to generate when sitting. then there's	Dresses
I've been craving this dress in the brown pattern for a while and should have jumped the gun before the sale. so now i was left with size sp and i look like a fool--like i'm trying to wear a top from junior high and pass it off as a dress. my shoulders	Dresses
I saw this dress on the cashier at retailer and had to order it. it is, as one of the reviewers said, like having two dresses in one. the bottom dress is a full dress, and the top lays over it, not quite skimming but not quite loose either. i love the dress as i am a pear shaped, size 14, and this helps to camouflage some bumps nicely. this dress reminds of the dresses some peasant women wear in rural countries.	Dresses
I was doubtful when i first tried this on. the holding horses brand tends to not quite fit me very well, more so in dresses than tops. also, it looks cute but not great on the hanger. this a must-try-on dress. it's just flowy enough to not look sloppy or maternity, but also feel easy to wear. the print and cut are flattering. it has pockets!!!! also, the length is nice, close to knee length. the fabric is good quality. doesn't wrinkle easily. i'm surprised how quickly i fell in love with this dr	Dresses
The outer layer runs large up top; also, the orange stitching (the flowers) on the outer layer are extremely bright orange rather then a fall brownish orange that would match the layer underneath. i'm returning it because for the price i don't love it.	Dresses
I saw this dress at my local retailer and passed it the first time. one week later, i stopped by and skimmed through the store and went back to the dress...and decided to try it on. boy oh boy! i grabbed a small and a medium (i usually wear a medium) and the small fit perfectly! the fabric is thick and feels so soft and nice. i love the pockets! worth the splurge and like the other reviewer said- it's not maternity like at all. i plan to wear it with brown boots or brown heels.	Dresses
Well...this is "on me" as i saw this hanging in the store, but way off on my size which is xxs petite.i looked too quickly and got a nice sa to order it for me.both pieces are transparent - no opaque lining at all is inside. both pieces are made of fragile clingy materials. there is no "flow," just cling. the size is much too big so the resulting look is of two bad pieces hanging oddly without any real shape.this may be the first time i really just not recommend a piece - at all. bes	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store window and had to try it on and it is perfect! it's lined, got pockets, can wash at home, and is a work appropriate length. it's cold in the northeast right now, so i'm wearing it with tights boots and a cardi. i really like that it isn't fitted, but is form flattering. overall win!	Dresses
I noticed this dress in the highlighted area and then read the reviews. i probably wouldn't have thought much about it just scrolling through the dress pages, and now i'm so glad i bought it. i have worn this dress several times and never fail to get compliments on it. i know i will wear it again come next fall. i am petite, but ordered the regular and find that length to be perfect. i'm a teacher and this dress helps me maintain a classy yet modern look. i purchased the small (usually wear size	Dresses
I love everything about this tee. it has wonderful detailing that makes it different from other tees. the fabric is soft, and the tee is very comfortable. i disagree with some of the other reviews about the colors. i actually love both colors. the red is a nice slightly brownish red. i wore that color with a pair of plaid (white, teal, & taupe) shorts, and i got compliments on my outfit. the color will go with more than one might think. i haven't worn the green one yet. i hope this tee comes bac	Knits
I am a large in knit tees. this is the first tee where the large was just too big. it kind of hung on me. the band across the back also hung down so all over it looked like it was just too big a size for me. the army green turned out to be not a flattering shade of green for me so i returned it. i liked the whole design a lot, especially the front macrame part, but for me it did not work at all. also, too expensive for a tee.	Knits
This dress is quite lovely, but there are a few things to know:the blue color is much more of a dark teal, with more of a dull green tinge than i expected. still pretty, but definitely not a pure blue. i loved the look of the blue online, but i think the pink might have worked a little better with my coloring.the dress is a bit low in front. not inappropriately low, but if you are hoping to be able to "adjust" by pulling the shoulders back a bit or something, be aware that the bodice drapi	Dresses
Is this dress ever flattering! i have seen many variations of this kind of dress-some where they will kris-cross over the breast area, some where they will have a single twist-but i never have seen one like this with a double twist and oh, what a difference it makes. i particularly love this in blue-which was a very bright royal color in-store. i am not very chesty, so the accenting in that area is very flattering on me and made me fall in love.	Dresses
This top was fun. casual with flair. it is a little strange that it is see through down to the stomach almost, but i would just wear a bra of the same color and don't think anyone would notice. i didn't buy because even the sale price is too much for a casual tee, in my opinion.	Knits
I love this dress. as a taller, long-torsoed woman, the sleeves are long enough and the length is perfect. the overall fit is also quite flattering, but i can imagine it might not be if you're shorter.the material is really lovely and luxurious-looking for jersey. it seems like it should wear well.a great work-to-evening option, as well!	Dresses
This cardigan's color is great. it goes with a lot of items surprisingly. the fit is a little large/loose, but that's nice for being able to wear various shirts underneath. i've received lots of compliments on it.	Knits
Very comfortable, feels like you're wearing pjs while being dressed up. fits true to size. very elegant dress, rich navy blue color. versatile, can wear with heels, boots, or flats.	Dresses
The blue dress is lovely, fit true to size and a good all around, comfy dress.	Dresses
Super cute and simple shirt (as other reviewer said lol). but she was right! i have another shirt from this brand and it's one of my favorites. it runs true to size. it's a nice casual wear with jeans kind of shirt and great for fall. it may be a little short for someone with a long torso and/or tall as i'm only 5'2 and i wouldn't want it to be any shorter.	Knits
I saw this dress couple weeks ago and i really liked its color. the dress was ok untill i wore it. well. it's one of those dresses which are not great on hanger but great on you. well, the color is awesome, matches with other bright colors, mustard yellow, wine or black. the material is very thin so if you put size down it will fit but make sure that you see yourself in the mirror and see your back; i saw many ladies which put the dress which fits them but it does not fit the way it supposed to	Dresses
Beautiful color and super comfy. it runs large but the gathers still allow for it to have shape on the top.	Dresses
I paid full price for this cardigan and have not regretted purchase for one minute, having worn it almost every day this summer. it is the perfect weight for cool summer evenings, seaside strolls, chilly restaurants, or for a sunblock layer when you have to be outside.	Knits
I tried on the regular size at my store and it was too long for me, te sleeves were enourmous, and the dress fell mid-calf. but, i love the feel of hte mateiral, and if it were to fit properly, is very falttering. i will order the petite size later on to try, i liked it enough for that. the "blue" is a nice teal color. double layer, and extremely comfortable. the finish is laser cut, no stichting.	Dresses
Just bought this cardigan today. i'm already a fan of left of center and was happy with this piece. it's soft, has more interest to it than your average cardi. the sleeves are a bit long, but it's not a dealbreaker. i imagine it will be a great transitional piece from summer to fall and then for spring time.	Knits
Beautiful color, bought a small (i am 5'10 and 145 pounds, the length is the only thing that is usually a problem on size small for me) however the chest area was extremely tight and ill fitting i thought, i am only a 34b. i'm returning it. i did think it was pricey for what you get as well. the color was by far the best thing about this dress, it could have been better quality and fit.	Dresses
This is a nice year round weight sweater. i am thrilled with small details, true to retailer pieces.	Knits
I oot this dress in the blue. it fits great--hits at the knee, not too short or awkwardly long. i just wish they had it in short sleeve so i could wear one for the summer. beautiful and easy to wear for work or fun.	Dresses
I love everything about this dress. beautiful vibrant color and fabric. i got the sp which is a perfect length for me to wear with the jasper & jeera nijar sandles. it is very flowy and full but i love that about it. happy i was able to snag a petite size but i think the regular would have been ok. i could have gotten away with an xs but the small fits great!	Dresses
I was sad that this was only online because i wanted to try on the xs and small to compare. i usually wear an xs in most antrho clothes, and i decided to get an xs because i was afraid the peplum part would be large. however, when i got it in the mail, the xs is too small! i tried to get it in a size up, but i couldn't find it. it's a cute shirt, but it runs small. even the length of the shirt is shorter than i would have liked. if they had the correct size, i would have gotten it, but this shir	Knits
I bought the rose and the sapphire during the xtr 40% off clearance. i'm just under 5'4", curvy & usually wear med petite in retailer dresses. i ordered a mr because, being sale items, only regular sizing was available. a sp would have been much better! the dress hit about 3" below my knee and the crisscross top made my bust look matronly. a snugger fit would have been sexier. the rose was darker than pictured & pretty, but eh on me. however, the sapphire was gorgeous. i'm sad about returning it.	Dresses
I love, love this top! it's the perfect peplum tee! i would get more if this was offered in more color combos! the stripes add a cute effect to the tee and it's a perfect soft cotton. can't say enough about this one!	Knits
I have to agree with the first reviewer! i really loved the color of this dress and could almost have overlooked the lack of a lining, but when i felt the fabric expecting a nice lush silk, instead getting what felt like a polyster instead i couldn't justify it for the price. i really liked the fact that a maxi came in petite sizes as well, but just couldn't get over the poor quality for that price so back it goes! i hope the team members or buyers at retailer are reading these reviews	Dresses
Love the weight. something i can wear winter and spring.	Knits
Beautiful cobalt blue dress.i wore it for christmas and had many compliments.	Dresses
I love this top! i love the detail in the front and the v back. it's simple and sexy, easy to dress up or wear casually. i ordered an xs and found it to fit perfect, i'm 5'5" and 112lbs. i ordered the olive green color which i love. i don't typically wear red so that wasn't an option for me, i do wish it came in more colors!	Knits
Love this sweater. ordered white, size large. great light layer! the weave in the yarn is really pretty; the variations in texture have an almost burnout look. the silver buttons are unusual, really stand out and complement the overall look of the sweater. it has an uneven hem that drapes beautifully at the back and sides. great value on sale! one of those basics that everyone needs in their wardrobe.	Knits
Love bailey 44. this dress does not disappoint. the blue is beautiful and the fit is very flattering. the material is really soft and the dress is very comfortable.	Dresses
Better than the picture, right chest neck line not too low. comfortable material and the cut is just right. bought two in different color.	Dresses
I bought this dress in blue. it's a light jersey material, but it is lined. i find it very flattering. i have found more occasions to wear it than i expected.	Dresses
Got this dress on sale. it fits great. i am 5'8", small bust, small waist but bigger hips. and this dress makes all those areas look great.	Dresses
I love wearing this dress and have had many compliments. it's a great color and a fabulous fit	Dresses
I bought in white. great for a lightweight cover up. well made and cozy!	Knits
The cut of this dress is gorgeous and it could be great if it were made of quality silk and was lined. although the color is beautiful, the cheap fabric has no variation, is too saturated, and lacks any sheen of quality silk. shocked at the price. i still have beautiful silk dresses from retailer pre 2010 . being back the quality!	Dresses
I love this dress! it feels great on. it's very light. the color is absolutely gorgeous! the only thing i was disappointed in was that there was no lining, for the cost of this dress, it should at least be lined.	Dresses
If you've been an retailer lover for awhile, you have at least one of the left of center thermals. every single year they come out with them and they are best sellers - so when i saw this is couldn't believe it!!! it's just like the left of center thermal shirt, but a cardigan! soft, warm but thin enough that it would be a perfect layer for the summer. be warned that this fabric does grow with wear. definitely size down a bit. the body is full and the sleeves are fitted. lots of stretch and very v	Knits
This sweater is a nice weight and may run a little on the large size. the orange is a nice tone--more on the blue side-- which suits my coloring more than a more yellow-orange. it is bright! i think it will look great over black top and slacks or light color top and jeans. nice weight for fall. a bit on the stretchy side so i hope it won't stretch too much out of shape.	Knits
I am a 32dd, 5'4'' and 125lbs and this top was way too baggy. it looked awful. this is shapeless and oversized. i would size down or just pass.	Knits
I recently purchased this dress and am so happy with it. the gathered area over the bust is visually interesting and isn't too revealing. the jersey material hangs beautifully. i also appreciate it being lined.	Dresses
I own a couple of bailey 44 dresses and am a huge fan of their comfort and ability to flatter my figure. when i saw this one on a special promo, i knew i had to try it on. once i did, i knew it had to come home with me. i wore it to a work event last night and look forward to wearing it on a date night soon. i am a s or m and took a s in this dress. i went with cobalt and paired it with gold jewelry as in the photo.	Dresses
Looks great, the material feels great but when i put this dress on for the first time today it fell apart at the seams in the rib cage area. total disappointment! i had purchased this on sale for my graduation and was getting ready to walk out the door when i saw two holes on each side!	Dresses
After reading reviews, i ordered a medium instead of a large even though i am typically a size 12. it was definitely the right decision. a very flattering dress in a beautiful color. if you order in the right size, it is not at all dowdy. it is forgiving in the belly area, which is great for me. it can be worn with tights or without tights, so really quite versatile. i am sure that i will wear it a lot. also, it is very comfortable.	Dresses
Super soft. pretty blue green color. packs super well for traveling.	Dresses
I love this dress, it is so comfortable and elegant at the same time. i try to not buy dry clean only pieces, but i had to make an exception here!! perfect for early spring days.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress! the color is really great and i love the cut - flattering around the neckline and loose and flowy. the one downside is that it is pretty long. i am 5'6" and usually somewhere between and xs and s for dresses, so went with the xs. the size is great but it's just a tad long for wearing with flats. i actually think if i was bustier the length would be fine, but since i'm pretty flat there's nothing to fill the dress! i wish i had been able to snag a petite, but they w	Dresses
This gathered jersey dress is beautiful and flows in just the right places, however it runs large! i normally wear a small in many retailer dresses, however i ordered an xs petite in this dress based on other reviews. i'm glad i did because it fits perfectly. the dress is very flattering in the bust...and the rest of the dress hangs and flows nicely. this can be dressed up (with statement jewelry) or down depending on the occasion. i'm happy with my purchase, so much so that i bought one in	Dresses
I do not see this as frumpy if you wear it with heels. i think the bodice is very flattering.	Dresses
I got the sweater in red, (i'd call it more orange). it's a bit of a baggy fit, not tight which i love. i feel like this will be a perfect cover up for cool summer evenings. i got a medium. i go between small and medium and i love the fit. i could have gotten a small, but i liked it looser, the buttons are special too.	Knits
I have this shirt in the gray and in the orange and i just love the details on front.	Knits
This is my third dress by this designer. i love his work. this will be the most versatile and classic of the three.i love how wearing his dresses makes me feel... my best and comfortable. unique and well made.	Dresses
This is a pretty red dress. the back is beautiful. i ordered it online and was excited when it arrived. however, as soon as i took it out of the package, i saw that it had a snag on the front bodice. i also did not realize the dress material was not as heavy as i was hoping for it to be. given those two details, i decided to return it. maybe if it had arrived in perfect condition, i would have kept it. *sigh*	Dresses
I love this dress but sadly for me it didn't look good on my body type. i'm a 36 dd and not thin so it made me look like a beached whale. i saw it on two different sales clerks in the stoe and they both looked adorable.	Dresses
Not only is this dress incredibly comfortable, but it can be accessorized for any occasion. i jazzed it up for a wedding, but a cardigan and flats also makes it easy saturday perfect. only way this dress could be improved.... pockets.	Dresses
I'm 5'3" 115 lbs and ordered an xs petite. i have other dresses from maeve in xs petite and xxs petite that fit really well, but this one was weirdly big at the top	Dresses
Wonderful dress! thank you for making a fun and sassy dress that actually fits me! normally this sort of dress wouldn't fit, with it failing me in the bust, but it fit quite well. in most cases, i would end-up in a 12 petite to accommodate my bust, but with it then too large in the shoulders, or, the dress would have run so small, i wouldn't have been able to button it in most places. i was pleasantly surprised not only with the fit, but the quality, as well.as described by other reviewers, it	Dresses
Love this dress! i'm 5'4", 110 lbs. i ordered 2p. the dress is stretchy at all the right places and accentuates your curves. it's very well-made. i usually like loose fitting clothes, but i feel this dress needs to be snug but not tight. i tried 4p and it was just a bit loose. this dress is well-worth the price.	Dresses
I had been hearing a bit of hype around this dress. it had seemed that most were either loving or hating it, which can be true for a lot of "swing" dresses as some give off that "baby bump" vibe. i saw a friend try one on in petite and we both agreed it ran a little short, even for us at just over 5 feet tall. when i finally made it into a store i noticed that they had quite a few in regular sizing in stock. i grabbed a xs regular to try on and i loved it. with heels, it falls perfectly and	Dresses
I received so many compliments on this dress. i purchased my usual size 12 and it fit fine. i agree with some other reviewers that i could have probably gone a size down for a more snug fit.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. i've been looking for a cute, flattering red dress for ages and snapped this up on sale online, thinking it was finally the one. when i tried it on i found the shape flattering, even to my recently pregnant figure. other than that, i was highly disappointed for two reasons. one, quality issues, as mentioned by a previous reviewer - the slip is sewn in totally unevenly, resulting in it sticking up above the neckline on one side, with several threads poking up above th	Dresses
Beautiful dress and so delicately well made!5'1" 95lb - xxs petite or the smallest size possible worked for meit accentuates one's curvy body and covers up any excess skin in the belly area. i could eat on freely at a formal occasion. words just cannot describe how beautiful this dress is.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in my usual size and unfortunately when it arrived, it was damaged and also a little too big. the fabric had lots of pulls in it like it had been tried on many times.i called customer service and requested a replacement in a smaller size. it fit great and looked beautiful but there was a rip in the sleeve.this is a gorgeous dress and very flattering and well fitting (if you size down), but i had to return both and wear something else to a holiday party.i'd only recomme	Dresses
The lower part of dress bunches where buttons are, so the dress doesn't look flushed from top to bottom. i ended up returning it.	Dresses
I like this dress a lot, the fabric is nice, the necklines are unusual and flattering but there is definitely some added volume at the hips with the pockets. really comfortable dress.	Dresses
I had been admiring this dress for over a year and finally treated myself to it for the holidays. first, it is gorgeous and very thoughtfully designed to make you look amazing. where things fall off the rails for me is the fabric choice for the sleeves...they are sooo delicate and evidently snag far too easily. the dress that i received in the mail had two large snags (one in each sleeve) that were already running a bit. to me that was a huge red flag that i shouldn't be spending so much money o	Dresses
Swing dresses can be so iffy but this one is fantastic! i sized down to an xs due to the chest area (i'm usually a s/6 up top 36b) and it fits perfectly. the dress is so comfortable and stylish without feeling like you're wearing a tent. this is the most i've ever spent on a casual dress and it is worth ever penny. could not be more happy with my purchase.	Dresses
Amazing dress! i'm a pear shape, and this dress is a very complimentary cut for me. it's also not too short. the color print on the dress are amazing. i'm very happy!	Dresses
I tried it on while out of town. i was concerned about getting it home but i kept thinking about it. i purchased it online once i got home. the colors are beautiful. it's a swing dress with quite a bit of "swing". this is perfect for me because i'm sensitive about my mid section. i wore mine with 3.5in brown sandals. my husband said i had "legs for days". i'll take that as a great compliment. i usually wear a medium but could have worn the small in this dress. i preferred the medium because it w	Dresses
Simply put, this dress will make you feel like joan from mad men (in all the best ways). amazingly form-fitting and impeccably constructed, like you imagine clothes used to be. it's true there are hook & eye closures between each button from about the waist up; yes they are a bit tedious, but they're essential to the flawless, gapless fit of this button-up style. i'm 5'4" 120-125# and got the 2p based on reading every single review posted. it's a *tinge* tight but i'm very happy with it and the	Dresses
I tried on the 00p in the store as a return, adn though it would fit (super stretchy)hte dress ended up mid thigh for me... gorgeous design and make though, the buttoning is incredible, buttons and clasps to keep the dress closed. love love, wish htey still had my size (0p or 2p ) to try if hte length would be better (or regular size)	Dresses
I love the colors, and saw the xxs p in a store, so tried it on, but sadly, that was still a lot of fabric on me. i think if you have very small thin arms, that may work, but with muscles, it just made me look bigger than i am... the design (pattern) is really nice though. 115 lbs, 30 dd flat	Dresses
I though this dress would be similar to the turtleneck swing dress by maeve. it's not. first of all, it runs very large. i purchased a small (i am usually a xs or small in maeve, i purchased a small in the turtleneck swing dress). the shoulders were very wide, you had to manually cross the fabric around your neck but it didn't lay as flat as what i wanted around my chest, and it was quite large around my rib cage and stomach making it rather shapeless. i really wanted this dress to work (i love	Dresses
I am currently wearing this dress. i wear it whenever i can get away with it. i have it in red and it works incredible on my coloring. the front is modest enough for work while the back is sweet and unexpected.	Dresses
I love this dress. i get so many compliments from strangers every time i where it. must buy.	Dresses
I very rarely buy at full price but had to have this on and it is worth it. i sized down and fits great. tons of compliments!	Dresses
It's a nice drop-waist, embroidered, lightweight dress for summer. my problem was that the armholes were too large for me and i found that to be unflattering. it's a swing style so it's forgiving in the hips and belly.	Dresses
I've been looking for the right swing dress for a long time and this one is perfect. one of my favorite features is the design at the hem of the dress (it looks even better in person!). the material is a thicker, almost canvas-y type of fabric, which i love because it makes the dress feel higher quality to me. i love how comfortable the dress is and it's so easy to throw it on and look amazing. i tried on two sizes at two different stores and received compliments from staff and customers both ti	Dresses
I don't know if i was sent a petite by mistake, but this is not 39 inches long. i realize it says swing dress, but i thought if the length was accurate and the fabric heavy enough, the weight would make it flattering on me. as it was in reality--short and light-weight fabric--it poofed out in an unattractive way. too bad, as the print is lovely.	Dresses
This is a fantastic dress! i wore it for a recent wedding and received many compliments. the fit is phenomenal; the dress is extremely comfortable and flattering. i am full-figured and it fit beautifully and was very true to size. this dress would look good on an 18 year old or a 70 year old!	Dresses
This is one of the most special dresses i have ever owned -- and i am kind of a dress person. this one has beautiful detailing -- sheer sleeves, but the bodice and bottom half are lined. fits beautifully -- i am a little busty, so i was worried about all the buttons in the front not buttoning or popping open, but in addition to the buttons there are hidden hooks to ensure it stays closed, which is unusual and a reflection of the quality of the dress. i am 5'6" and the length was just right, abou	Dresses
I have been on the search for a perfect lbd for years and have wasted money on dresses that i had to settle for but when i saw this dress i knew it was love at first sight!!! the things i love about this dress: the built in shaper/slip holds your junk in place, the lace detailing is perfect in all the right places, and the button and hook & eye makes you feel secure. great dress that you will love!!	Dresses
I do love this dress. i wore it for my 20th anniversary party and received numerous compliments. it's great for embracing your curves. it has a wonderful "vintage-made-modern" flair that classic retailer pieces always have. you do have to be careful when wearing it...jewelry or belts may snag the intricate lacework. i am definitely the type of shopper who waits for a sale. this is one of the few pieces i felt i could splurge on. it is just that unique. i hope that retailer continues to carry these t	Dresses
The top of this dress is very flattering. there is a lot of fabric on the bottom half of dress. if you want something which hugs curves ,this is not it. however, one of the things i like about this dress is, it can be dressed up or down. i wore to a wedding and got several compliments. very comfortable	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress except i expected it to be more flowy. the fabric is much more stuff than i thought it would be.	Dresses
I had been looking at this dress on-line hoping for a pop-back and when i went into my local store today there were two on the rack and one was my size. i found the colors and print a bit blah (i felt like it could use a little detail for the price...bead detail or embroidery) in real life and i didn't love the fabric, in my opinion it is a bit too stiff and doesn't drape particularly well. things got worse in the dressing room...it was a disaster on me. i'm busty and while the top fit, because	Dresses
The moment i saw this, i knew i had to try it on. it's a definite power dress - made me feel like marvel's agent carter! i could take over the world in this dress. planning to wear it to work, more casually, and as my holiday party dress. it's easy to dress up or down and is incredibly comfortable.	Dresses
Read all the reviews i didn't really understand that it really had real shape wear in the skirt. i live in florida and found the dress to be too confining and hot. i would never get any wear out of it. much better for someone up north. had to return it.	Dresses
I love the fit of this dress! the fabric is thick and the shape of it is so adorable. i usually don't like bright colors, but i got it in red and it's just so charming. can't wait to wear it out!	Dresses
Just received and tried it on right away. really flattering fit and comfortable! unusual neckline that you can wear plain or accessorize. i'm so happy i decided to take a chance on this one!	Dresses
This dress ladies is simply amazing and perfect!!!	Dresses
This dress is absolutely fantastic. beautiful, high-quality, and fits like a glove. even better than i could have imagined.	Dresses
Because of how much i have been buying recently, i didn't *want* to like this dress. i just tried it on because it's such a classic dress. i'll probably wear it all year-round, dress it up or down, and it'll probably last for ages. so i tried it and it's cute. and flattering. and practical. and the scallop neckline in the back is just enough of a tease to be fun without being too obvious. (it does get a bit cold though so adding a scarf is recommended, though maybe not the davy crockett one the	Dresses
I was so excited to purchase this dress; i love all shades of grey for winter clothing, i love knits, and i have loved other maeve dresses. however, i simply cannot fathom how poorly this is designed--it fits absolutely nothing like it appears to on the model, to the point that i wonder if i might have received a defective dress.for reference, i am 5'5", slender and small-boned but also curvy (hourglass). my bust is 36 c, hips about 37-38. i normally wear a small in maeve dresses. maybe it's j	Dresses
Love the print and was looking forward to this dress. the length and bust are just right in normal sizing, however the 'swing' effect is all off. there's so much fabric. its like wearing a moo moo. not at all flattering. disappointed in this one.	Dresses
Tried it on at the local store today, it is very pretty! i believe i runs large. i am usually a small, but they only had an xs and it fit perfectly. it is made of thick linen and has a lining.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress! the material is beautiful! but sadly i agree with other reviewer. the model definitely has this pinned back! i am on the small side (5'5", 120 lbs, straight figure, very tiny "girls") and this dress looked awful. totally swallowed what little shape i have and the swing did make me look prego in front and back. the fabric is stiff so i think that adds to the sticking out oddly. as far as sizing the arm jokes fit great. xs ordered and length was good but wish the "swin	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. it is very body conscious, but has some "give" to it. the sleeves and lines are beautiful. very well constructed... sexy without being overtly so. i find it very elegant	Dresses
So sad! this beautiful dress which i have been waiting to receive didn't work for me. i'm a 5'7" hourglass girl and it just made me look big! but i love the pattern and the way it looks on the photo online! so sad but will return it!0	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. i am 5'0 and 167 pounds and the extra large was way too big. the large was perfect. the fabric is substantial but the fit is loose and swingy so it is good for the atlanta heat and humidity. i want to wear this every day.	Dresses
I **love** this dress. it's definitely an investment, but well worth the price! i get so many compliments on it every time i wear it, and it can definitely be dressed up or down for casual or formal events.	Dresses
I tried this dress in store and was in love immediately! i had to special order a petite size, but fits wonderfully. for me, ran a little large. i'm 5'2" and 105 and ended up with a petite xxs and it fits great!	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress. i love the colors and the design of the dress. unfortunately, i have to agree with one of the other reviewers that this dress makes you look pregnant. it's so voluminous that it's not flattering at all. also agree that the lining is scratchy.	Dresses
When i saw this dress online - it was a must have. i preordered immediately and had my fingers crossed that i'd get it! thankfully it did! this dress has blown me away. it exceeds all expectations!!! i ordered an xl which is a normal size for me and i'm glad i did! the body is very swingy but the top is true to size. the print is magical. whimsical, bold, bohemian and transitional into every single season. i am 5'8 and the dress hits just above my knees. i feel gorgeous in it. the "woven cotton	Dresses
When i saw this i had to have it! i was pleasantly surprised that i was actually able to go down a size (normally a l for the bust) but was able to get into the medium with some room across the chest. it drapes nicely and the inner liner is not tight but flows along with the dress. so many compliments each time i wear it!	Dresses
Oh how i love this dress! i was worried because i am very busty and sometimes that translated to looking pregnant in swing dresses, but this.... incredible! i am wearing it with either blue strappy sandals or red heels and it is quite the perfect summer dress! the material is thick, and feels elegant, the colors are vibrant. today is my first day wearing it, and i have already received 4 compliments! no kidding! wonderful! maeve clothing... i love you!	Dresses
Was enchanted by this dress from the moment i saw it online. i was able to find it at my local retailer	Dresses
It looks so cute and i love the detail on this dress but it was not flattering on me. light summer dress and that was exactly what i needed but i had to exchange it with something else.	Dresses
While i wanted to love this dress, i did not like the scratchy lining. i also did not like that the scratchy lining was considerably smaller than the overall swing of the dress; so it clung to my curves uncomfortably. i wish this had been done in silk, would have been a much nicer material. i returned it.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. it is tts, but since it is so flowy, is not form fitting. i am petite (5'4" 115lbs) and this is a lot of dress for a shorter/smaller person. if it were less flowy, i would keep it. the design, material and overall product is, however, amazing! this dress would be a beautiful addition to any closet.	Dresses
This is an amazing dress! it did stretch out a little, so although i got the large, i probably could've gotten the medium. beautiful feel, fully lined, on the really hot days, this is what i grab and i stay cool all day. i get so many compliments on this dress! the colors are gorgeous!	Dresses
I love this dress. the colors are eye catching. if flows nicely.	Dresses
I loved the look of this dress online, and it's everything i hoped and more in person.i'm 5'10", 155# and pear-shaped.while the bottom of this dress is voluminous, it definitely did not have a pregnant fit on my body shape.the length was absolutely perfect, it wasn't scratchy in the least. i got compliments on the dress all day long. wore with a pair of cowboy boots while wine tasting in napa.	Dresses
I'm obsessed with this dress. it's so pretty and love that it has a lining. i'm 5'1" and got a small, i had dry cleaner take it in from the sides so i didn't look swallowed up in dress and now it's perfect. still has the swing but not as bulky.  can't wait to wear it out!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and i received so many compliments. it's form fitting but comfortable. it is just the right mix of classy and sexy. you can easily dress it up for a formal occasion or keep it simple. i am 5'6", 150lb with an athletic build and a size 8 fit perfectly. i will be wearing this dress for years to come.	Dresses
I've been looking for a comfortable summer dress with a fun print that i can wear to a variety of occasions, while being able to wear a normal bra. this is it! it's a cotton/ linen blend, so the fabric has a slightly heavier body to it, which holds the swing shape beautifully, but may have contributed to what some reviewers said makes them look pregnant, and the "scratchiness" (from the linen, which doesn't bother me). i'm 5'7", and find the length to be perfect to show off some legs while b	Dresses
Material cheap. too small. good idea for design. love princess cut but bad material. good idea though. sending back	Dresses
It looks like the stores are finally receiving their supply of this really pretty dress. i've been watching its availability online and was getting frustrated. my local store had ample supply. it's a beautiful dress! as per an earlier review, it does run a little large. i love that it's made of cotton so it will be perfect in the summer and beyond. it's a full skirt but looks really pretty on. my local store showed it belted which looked good too.	Dresses
Heavy in weight but not uncomfortable to wear because it's fully lined and has an easy fit that skims without looking like a potato sack! fits a little large but mainly tts. if you're between sizes, then i would size down, unless you're very blessed from the waist down. i am a m/l on top and s/m on bottom and bought the medium. it's a relaxed dress (like a shift suppose to be) that i can wear a turtleneck under without feeling stuffed.	Dresses
When i saw another shopper holding up this dress for assessment in my local retailer store, i knew i had to have it! i bought it in the red color and it is gorgeous. the fit was perfect...very flattering style. it can be dressed up or down depending on shoes and jewelry, or boots and a scarf! the detail of the scalloped v in the back is a beautiful addition. perfect for the holidays or even dinner out with friends! beautiful dress!	Dresses
I was so excited to get this dress; i ordered the red, and it's a beautiful, vibrant, festive color. i am small-busted, 5'3" and 120 lbs, and i got the regular xs, which fit very well, fitted but not too tight. i normally order petite, but i wanted the dress to hit a little lower on me than on the model; it ended up just above my knee, and i was happy with that. the shape is very flattering and i really like the scallop detail on the back v. the fabric looks substantial but isn't super heavy? an	Dresses
This dress is magical. i wore it to a christmas party and felt like the belle of the ball. my dress swirled around me as i spun on the dance floor. later, i spilled a tequila-ginger all over the front. i was devastated, but it almost instantly dried and there are no stains!!! you can't even tell i spilled! it is hand-washable, which is great as well! i am 4'11 and 100lbs. the xxsp fit like a glove.highly recommend! any other dress would have been ruined but this one was literally magical.	Dresses
This dress is even better in person! the attention to detail and craftsmanship are amazing. i received compliments all night from total strangers.	Dresses
Very comfortable and cute. i had fallen in love with this in the catalog and when i saw it in the store, i was disappointed. however, after trying it on, i had to have it. very flattering and comfortable.	Dresses
I just bought this dress today and i'm in love! i can't wait for the wedding i am wearing it to so i can wear it to other fun things too! looks even more amazing in heels.	Dresses
Ordered this dress and still haven't recieved it, but went to my local store today and tried it on in the size i ordered. it was too big. and now i can't get it in my size. so that stinks! quality was good and the dress was comfortable with stretch. i know in going to have to return it once it comes!	Dresses
Love everything about this dress! it's true to size , flows nicely, great quality. it's just amazing.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful - the pictures do not do it justice. i love the fabric and overall feel of the dress - light and airy. i have very broad shoulders and i did not feel like it look good on me so i am sending it back. too bad for me! i think the dress is perfect for weddings, parties and even everyday wear.	Dresses
The fabric of this dress is absolutely gorgeous from the design to the colors. i usually wear a size large in most retailer clothing, but i ordered this is l and xl because these dresses tend to disappear fast in the larger sizes. i ended up keeping the xl cause the buttons pulled across the chest on the l. this dress has a slim cut, and i would say if you have a small bust and are slender, this runs true to size. if you have a larger chest, size up because this is the type of dress you want to fl	Dresses
I wore this dress to a baby shower. it fit nicely and i received many compliments. i liked the weight, it flowed while walking and it was quite sweet.	Dresses
Love this dress. purchased in white. runs true to size. made well.	Dresses
I have been lusting after this dress and though tit would be great for thanksgiving. the fit for me, however, is totally wrong. for reference, i'm 32dd, 5'8", 140 lbs, and am a s or 4. the small fit well in the body area but felt a little small in my upper arms. the arm length was more of a 3/4 sleeve on me which looked terrible because the sleeves are baggy. the quality felt like it was lacking, too. the material felt like it would pill easily. order with caution.	Dresses
Walked in intending to purchase another jacket and ended up leaving with this one. the color is advertised as grey, but it's actually more like a light mocha. the slightly darker fabric on the side and around the waist accentuated my curves and i believe it would help give the illusion of an hourglass figure to those who are more straight and slender. i generally wear a size 12 and m or l size tops depending on the designer. i purchased the l in this case because that's all that was available at	Knits
This dress is really pretty. i went with the navy, the detail on the bottom is very detailed. it does run very large. i went down two sizes. there is a lot of material and my size made me look like a tent. once i sized down, it was much more flattering and nice. couple details:the slip is strechable and may have to be fitted if you size down, but you can't see it since it's lose on the outer layer. also, you need a different bra since the cut is cloer to the neck revealing the bra straps. i am	Dresses
This top is really pretty & i think i will be happy when i pull it out in the spring to wear it. the only complaint is that the front is very sheer. you have to wear an under shirt of some kind.	Knits
I like the warm neutral color of this piece and the figure-skimming shape with waist definition. it is a soft and warm layering piece. sadly, the sleeves were too long for me and have long zippers at the cuffs so rolling them up didn't work. i wish i had caught this piece while they still had my size in petite!	Knits
Love this top. ..especially the back. the back makes the whole top.	Knits
This dress is gorgeous! the store only had a size 12, so i am waiting for my size 8 to arrive. very pretty navy color. super cute. love all the embroidery detail. my niece is getting married in june and i can't wait to wear it!.i normally wear a 6 or 8. judging by the fit, i think the 8 will be perfect.	Dresses
This is a really unique jacket. the suede-like darker fabric is so soft and brings great character to the jacket. i love the neutral color and the fit is true to size. the only minor complaint i have is that the band at the bottom of the jacket flares out a little, making it wider and a little odd looking. but i have learned to ignore this because all of the other features are so awesome! would recommend.	Knits
Very pretty dress and nicely made (the embroidery is quite lovely and double lining, as mentioned by the other reviewers, is awesome), but not a good shape for me and my hourglass figure. like a lot of swing dresses, it has no structure, and it's not a good look on someone a little busty, as i am. in all honesty, i thought the sack-like shape of the dress made me look 20 lbs heavier than i am. i am a medium, size 6-8, and took the 8 based on the other reviews. i probably could have sized down to	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous in person and very flattering, but i was surprised at the weight and i found the armholes, especially with the picot edge detail, too tight and a bit irritating. i do have a 32 dd bust, so i'm not sure if that was the problem, but i've never had that problem in any of the retailer dresses i've purchased in the last few years. (and there were a lot of them.) i tried on my regular petite small and that was the correct size.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. the quality is excellent. the 3 layers and the embroidery are beautiful... however it just didn't look right on me. it looked like a maternity dress. i am very petite, short with a big bust and it just did nothing for me. i think this style would look best on a tall woman with a smaller bust. unfortunately i will be returning this dress.	Dresses
Ordered this online in a petite 4. (i'm 5'3"/130#). fits very nicely but for the amount of fabric this dress has (3 layers total), i think a 2p will be a better choice and not look as full, maybe a little more fitted, which will be more attractive at the top on me.however, the detailing on the dress is really beautiful and high quality. the dress has quite a bit of weight to it with the top swingy layer, a tulle like layer for shape and then the sheath like slip. the colors are all very dark	Dresses
Love this striped top! it's perfect to throw on with black skinnies and a denim jacket or long grey cardigan. it also pairs well with camel. it is super soft. runs big imo, even though other reviewers said small. like most bordeaux, i took an xs, whereas i wear a small in most other retailer brands. similar to the photo, although much looser on me.	Knits
This jacket has been a fun addition to my wardrobe. it has a very cute fit, and i like that it pulls in a bit at the sides to give it a form fitted look. best of all it stretches well despite the form fit; you can cross your arms or raise them up and you don't feel like your movement is restricted. i really like the soft suede-like material on the inside of the arms and the sides of the jacket. it fits true to size. can be worn casual or dressed up a bit. highly recommend!	Knits
I've been eyeing this dress for a while now. i decided to purchase it in the rose color, which has absolutely beautiful embroidery. here's why i will most likely return this dress: i'm 5'7" and it is very short on me (almost like a long shirt), it is extremely roomy, so it doesn't flatter me in any way. if it belt it, it gets even shorter, and the embroidery gets a bit lost in the folds. i'm sad to return it, but i will wait for the next wow piece rather than have this sit in my closet.	Dresses
I'm seriously in awe of this fun dress! the beading, fuzzy flowers and embroidery on the peachy dress make me very happy. it's nice to wear by itself with a simple necklace but i love it more with my cropped jackets--my dark denim for a casual air or the tailored tuxedo black for date night! like others have said, this dress has many layers and is surprisingly heavy. definitely not for hot humid weather or i'd melt and cry. thank you so much to the reviewer who advised sizing up for the ar	Dresses
Stunning, beautiful, elegant, comfortable and all silk! the print is very mesmerizing, as are all the hemant & nandita pieces i own. i'm shocked that there aren't more reviews. i found this fit perfectly on my body, skimming over my flaws and keeping my temperature moderate. i am 5'3" 140# 39-28-35 and purchased size mp. please retailer, offer the other versions of this dress as shown on the uk retailer site.	Dresses
Can be dressed up or down. details are pretty without being gaudy. i got an 00p which fits well - i can wear it with a belt to give it some shape too. love it!	Dresses
I am 5'4, so i feel i'm on the cusp of petite/regular sizing. i ordered 2p, (about 125-130lbs), and the dress fit perfectly. it's so pretty (i got blue), i ordered this for my upcoming trip for our anniversary...i feel like i can wear with sandals or heels, with leggings or no leggings. beautifully made. kind of pricey, but worth it.	Dresses
I really love this dress. it runs very true to size and is nice and long, but could be easily hemmed. i am 5'10' and have room for heels. the waist runs just slightly high and causes a slight flare out of the fabric at the hips but it is not a deal breaker. the cotton is super light weight and perfect for summer. some jersey fabric maxi 's can be super hot. i was surprised by the cost for the actual quality of the dress.	Dresses
I originally ordered this top in the black and it's been on back order for a month. i decided to go ahead and try the wine and i am so glad that i did! the fit is flattering with a longer peplum to accommodate my long torso, the fabric is a nice mid weight with a very subtle brocade pattern. the back of the neck has a classic zipper detail. the bell sleeves are not too long and the color is gorgeous for fall/winter. i highly recommend this top for all body types.	Knits
I had high hopes for this dress, but unfortunately  was disappointed and returned the dress. it flares out with too much material under the gathered waist. it's so odd.	Dresses
Falls beautifully and the color is vibrant. can be dressed up or worn casually. texture adds even more uniqueness. a little heavy but this is outweighed by its other lovely features.	Knits
I just bought this dress on the half off sale price which is practically a steal and i must say i absolutely adore it! it runs pretty tts but all they had available was one size up from my usual 6 so i bought the 8 and it fits just fine (34d-27-35). the color is beautiful and the look of the dress is very vintage 30's/40's and so cute. i didn't find the sleeves to stick out at all on me so maybe i just got lucky and the print is just adorable on this. i highly recommend!	Dresses
This top fits great. maybe a tad on the large side but not enough to go down a size. i love the fit. the bell sleeves and peplum are so flattering. definitely worth the price too!	Knits
I so wanted to love this dress. i bought it in a size 4 and in both petite and regular, as i'm kind of in between and have a long torso and short legs. anyway, i'm 5'5" tall and 130 lbs. the regular fit my torso well, and length not was too bad. with heals it might have worked without hemming. here is where it all fell apart. while understand that only really expensive designer clothing can afford to seam a pattern perfectly, i felt that the dot seam in the front of the dress was in a bad place.	Dresses
I love wearing my boatneck pullover. the unique part of this item is the back with buttons. the shirts appears to be inside out, however, its not. its soft, comfortable, stylish and warm. i really like how it's longer in the back.	Knits
Fit and flare, pullover style that can easily be dressed up or down. wish other colors were available online!	Dresses
I bought this top in my usual size large based on other reviews and it fit perfectly.  i have long arms and the sleeves are the perfect length. the fabric is a slightly stretchy jacquard and very nice quality.  the top is definitely more fitted with a significant amount of fabric at the peplum portion.  i wish that this was a bit less, which is why i only gave it 4 stars. otherwise, it's a great top for fall that can be dressed up with a pencil skit or more casually with jeans. definitely	Knits
I absolutely adore peplum tops, although some of them are made for individuals with short torsos. this one is beautifully designed with a long torso and flowing wrists. there is a nice balance between the fitted torso and then the flowing peplum and sleeves. the best thing of all is the fabric, which is a stretchy mid-weight jacquard. it is easy to get on, with a zipper in the back. i am sure i will get a lot of use out of this as the weather turns cooler and i plan on pairing it with pencil ski	Knits
Tried it on at the store. (must of been a return) at first i wasn't thrilled with this dress.. have a little bit of a pouch and would never think i could wear a tight dress like this. the cut was perfect for that imperfect belly. went to a 5 hour dinner that night and was so comfortable. not itchy and i felt very pretty in it. husband loved it and was happy for me to show my curves again. would not of ordered this online, so glad it was in store. much more vibrant in person . try it you will lik	Dresses
I am not a fan of sweater dresses and did not pay attention to this one when looking at it on-line. however, it immediately caught my attention in a store, i decided to put it on and the dress looked amazing. soft, warm, skin hugging material, long skinny sleeves and more importantly, i looked amazing in this dress.i think colors are more vibrant, design is more lively in person than in picture. i am 5'10'' 145lb, so i loved that intricate dress pattern, broken lines in front made me not look li	Dresses
Great strapless maxi. purchased for a late august wedding being held at a yacht club, will fit the nautical theme perfectly. i'm typically a size 8 and ordered the medium size -- fit is a little snug on top for my 34dd chest but waist and hips are spot on. length is long, totally skims the floor for my 5'6" height. i plan on wearing it with red patent leather wedges so it'll help keep the hem off the floor and make me look longer. quality is outstanding, strong zipper, quality fabric, excell	Dresses
This dress looks amazing on-line. in person the arm ruffles are much larger and stick out, and the dress at the bottom makes you look like strawberry shortcake. too much all over ruffling at the chest and is not flattering. pattern is dizzying in person. very thin multi layer dress. should be better material and quality for this price. save your money and shipping.	Dresses
Very pleased with this vibrant and colorful sweater dress. the color combinations are very beautiful and it seems as if the threads used have an inherent shimmer. the fit is body skimming without highlighting trouble spots. i am a m/l on top and a s/m on bottom and the size medium fits perfectly. the cut adds the illusion of proportion to my disproportionate body. there are some problems but workable: slip is sewn-in which i wish was detachable; the scoop neck is too low for my 36ddd bust; weave	Dresses
Very flattering, sliming and feminine. i particularly like the flutter sleeves. the fabric is a nice weight for fall.	Knits
I love this peasant top! i didn't expect it to be made from such nice fabric. usually, i have to wear a camisole under a lot of retailer tops, but not this one! i bought a petite xs and if fits perfectly. thank you to retailer for selling petite clothes.	Knits
I just purchased this at my local retailer..the online pix does not do it justice! so pretty & delicate..casual, comfortable fitting..hits right at the hips...	Knits
Love the shape of this top. i bought in white and a friend bought in the neutral pink. we both required a tank/cami to layer under it. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame and ordered a size small.	Knits
Originally ordered a large but it was huge. the medium fit perfectly. i'm 165lbs, 5'7". lovely material and interesting side details. the sides do come up quite high but a camo or tank underneath does the trick. lots of compliments!!	Knits
The front cream panel is completely transparent.i didn't purchase because my bra showed and it would ruin the look with a cami underneath.i wish the fabric were translucent - not so see through.	Knits
I'm 5'7" with a dd bust and this top in a medium doesn't even hit at my hip. i'm not sure why so many of these tops are being made so short! i just purchased another peasant lace top that has the same problem #it ends up being very boxy looking!#. adding a few inches in length would have made this top perfection! debating about ordering a large just to add length but otherwise the tops fits everywhere else ;# it's so pretty though! the lace detail and the nude panel are so delicate and the mater	Knits
This shirt is a very cute dressed up casual kind of top. the lace detail in the front and the back make a plain, long sleeve black top look elegant. the material on the shirt is pretty light, so it is for fall or spring.	Knits
Love this top. the material is so comfy yet it looks dressy. great for a night out with black pants or a skirt. i'm 5ft8inches, 38-27-38 and a small fit perfectly which seems true to retailer sizing. flattering yet hides a little post holiday belly. i wore a nude rackerback bra with the top, and that works perfectly with the design.	Knits
This is the little black dress i've been looking for for years -- great slim fit (runs small -- i usually get sized out but the 00 was a snug fit), eye-catching design. like the other reviewer, i think solid black panels rather than floral brocade would have been classier, but overall a chic dress.	Dresses
I love this top, the details at the neck and shoulders are lovely, both front and back. it's also very comfortable and soft, allowing you look nicely dressed while feeling like you are wearing a soft tee-shirt. the sleeves are a good length with some elastic at the cuffs so you can push them up. sadly, it's sold out in in my size online and in the stores, otherwise i would certainly snap it up at the sale price.	Knits
This top is beautiful online and in person. i am in no way a large full figured gal, but i did order an xl. reading the past review and wanting an airy fit i ordered a larger size. this shirt is horribly tiny in person! the xl regular fit looked like an xs. have no idea if this particular shirt sent to me was miss sized or what. will take back. other than fit, the shirt is very beautiful in every way.	Knits
All the colors are beautiful, the white is a true white. i got the gray one. it runs large, so i would recommend sizing down, unless you plan on layering using thicker fabrics underneath.	Knits
I love design of this top! it will look beautiful on many body types. the black material is thin, and for my personal level of comfort i will definitely wear a cami under. the details are gorgeous and the neutral colors easy to combine with casual or dressy bottoms. the top ran true to size for me.	Knits
For an athro top, this is a good price point, especially for such a beautiful piece. it's really just a basic tee, but the lace insets bring it up several notches. and it's much prettier than the picture shows. i think it fits very true to size -- i'm normally a size small and got that size with this (34d, 124 lbs., 5'4", 36-26-35.). although the lace is very sheer, i really couldn't see my nude bra through it, so don't feel i'll need a cami, because that would ruin the delicate design of this.	Knits
I think this is the first peasant top i've found that doesn't fit like a tent! i did size down to a small, although i'm normally between small and medium. i even found that the shape of this top is quite flattering. maybe the darker embroidery helps. i'm very happy with this purchase.	Knits
Love this piece! lots of versatility and the pattern is lovely. wear it alone or with leggings and boots.	Dresses
I love this shirt. wore it today and got many compliments. i bought the mauve (looks lilac to me). it's very comfy and long. its got a lovely swing feel which is great for covering my baby belly.	Knits
As much as i had wanted this to work for me, it didn't. fabric is not as soft as i had expected and quality is just bad. i purchased this online (on sale at $29.95) and i had envisioned this to be comfy stretchy and swingy with a flow. i sent this back to the store as it didn't seem fit even at the low price.	Knits
Yes! i love the color, the fabric and the fit up top. the skirt, however, is very poofy. i am going to let it hang for awhile (it was an online order) and see if some of that relaxes. otherwise, i will need to return it.	Dresses
This dress is as cute as represented in the picture. the adjustable ties on the sides allow your dress to be form fitting or a looser, more casual look. the colors of the dress and the beading are beautiful. the dress looks great paired with a pair of black ankle boots!	Dresses
I ordered this in white and it's quite sheer. as others have noted, it is really full and it hits at mid-hip which doesn't work on my figure. if it had been a few inches longer and more of a tunic, or less voluminous, it could have worked but nope.	Knits
Awesome fabric, wonderfully flattering cut. love the blue and green colors.	Knits
This is a beautiful dress. i love the bohemian style and flow. works well with dressing up or dressing down. very quality.	Dresses
So easy to put on for a casual day! washes great!	Knits
The colors in this dress are beautiful (the green/blue version) but the fabric is a very see through mesh and feels flimsy. i purchased it online and wasn't expecting it to be so sheer -- the particular empire cut combined with the fabric makes it feel more like a nightgown, i really wanted to love it but it's going back.	Dresses
Super soft and colors are great. i got the navy and plan to wear with white jeans and platforms, similar to the photo. would also look great with black skinny pants. worth it for the sale price.	Knits
Beautiful and stylish. looks amazing with my new black suede over the knee boots! i am 4-6 on top and curvy 6-8 on bottom so aline skirt is great (interior slip is tight straight skirt rather than a-line, which dropped one star).	Dresses
This is an absolutely beautiful dress, but arrived with several holes in it!	Dresses
I ordered this in a medium and although the details/design of the shirt were cute, the "swing" did not work for me this time around. i typically like looser fitting tops, but with this shirt i felt like there was just too much material and made me feel like i was wearing a tent.	Knits
I ordered this dress online in 8 p in the orange color. the length was perfect but the dress seemed big. it was a lot of dress. so i went into the store and tried on a regular 6, but the dress was a little long. they didn&#39;t have petite in stock so they had it shipped to me and it fit perfectly! i am 5&#39;3 and 150 pounds. i don&#39;t think this dress would work if you have a big bust, i&#39;m a 36b so it fits nicely around the chest area. the length of the dress was also perfect!	Dresses
Classy tunic can be worn with jeans or leggings. neckline is small but stretches so it goes on easily. color is perfect for spring. my only word of caution.....the design can add a bit of bulk around the middle so probably not your best bet if you are tummy conscious.	Knits
My favorite shirt!!! i wear it when i don't want to be in the sun too long, it has breathable material in the armpit. i loved so much ordered in other colors. i wish they would make in more colors!	Knits
Really pretty color, light, breathable fabric and i love the high neck on this tunic! i wear this tunic with black leggings, a black tank and black sandals. i'm not the smallest girl so i love that this tunic is a bit longer and has a bit of a belt. wonderful pick up!	Knits
I tried hard to make this work because it is beautiful, but ended up returning it. first, it is very delicate material - i was terrified trying it on. second, i just couldn't make the drawstring work for me to achieve the fit i wanted. third, it was too low for me and would need a cami over the slip. while i didn't think the colors were as deep as the picture, it was still pretty. i could have possibly gone down a size to fix some of my concerns, but then i know it would have been too short for	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress because the fabric is fun, but i could not find a way to make the drawstring waist look like anything but a potato sack.the model has her hands hiding the lack of a waistline	Dresses
In the fall, i purchased every single color of the left of center swing top. long sleeve, great colors and very easy to wear. when i saw these, i swooned. these are very similar knit to the left of center, but the swing is bigger and the linen insets on the side make this easy top even more beautiful! these run true to size...basically you are only fitting your arms and chest. this top will definitely has a little give with wear, which will just add to the shape and effortlessness. the linen ins	Knits
I was looking for a new spring/summer tee that still gave coverage for chillier mornings and nights and this is it. it has a nice swing to it that isn't too wide (think a flattering a-line cut that has some movement towards the bottom hem.) it is fitted and flattering where it needs to be (the shoulders and ribcage run fitted and tts which means you don't get lost in the top. it's not boxy or oversized, but if you want a fitted and more flattering look, you can definitely size down easily, parti	Knits
I love this shirt - beautiful casual wear, great with jeans!	Knits
This is much prettier online than on me. too much dress, even though i sized down.	Dresses
Hi , i bought these in moss for both of my daughters. they love them. the material is substantial and washes beautifully. the fit is straight up and down and is not forgiving on figure flaws. i would recommend this to a thin figured girl.	Knits
I love this dress and bought it in the store in the orange, without trying it on as i usually wear a 12 in this brand. the over-dress is beautiful, however the under-slip is very tight and is apparently made for some one who has no bust at all. i am so sad and am considering returning it or re-sewing the slip in some way so that it fits. not sure what to do. don't want to spoil the color combo by wearing something different underneath, but it is so sheer you need something.	Dresses
I was extremely disappointed with the quality of this product. as soon as i put this tunic, the right tie loop detached from the garment. i could return it but the point of shopping online was to avoid the hassle of going to the store. the price of the item does not justify the low quality of the final product.	Knits
This is such a pretty top. i do not feel it runs big, as another review mentioned. to fit the sleeves comfortably (i do not have large arms at all) i did choose to take a small over my usual xs so the body is a bit llonger than shown on the model (a bit more of a tunic fit on me). it is really a pretty top either way, the xs fitting like it does in the picture on the model and the s fitting a bit longer. worried just a bit that it might develop holes as some tissue tees do.	Knits
I'm in love with this print! the fabric feels wonderful- this is such a perfect transition dress! the adjustable waist tie makes the dress fit great!	Dresses
I had this shirt in mauve and loved it so i ordered it in navy. i love the lightweight material. i love the way it fits. however - all the seams are sewn, quite obviously, inside out. only after i received the navy shirt, where it is extremely obvious, did i check the mauve one. those seams are also inside out but done in a much tidier fashion so that it wasn't really noticable. i was unhappy with the sloppiness of the seams on the navy shirt but, because i love the style and the fit, i kept it.	Knits
I love everything about this tunic dress. it's versatile and can be styled a few ways: loose like a shift, blouson when cinched, or eliminate the liner and wear as a layer over whatever you want. all the little details make it stand out and give it a glamorous bohemian vibe. there are tiny beads, sequins and subtle micro pleating. the fabric is airy and quite delicate (be careful.) the drawstrings at the waist are adjustable for both sides. slip is tts and the outer dress has a subtle oversize d	Dresses
If you already own at least one of the four versions of the morning glory dress, then you will know what size of the canna swing dress to buy. sleeves are slightly full with button closures. slip is tts and the outer dress is huge! easy to cinch if you want a fit & flare style. just know what you like--complainers about how baggy this dress is are forewarned. those who really want to size down are slim/slender/petite types. if you don't want to wear the tent-like swing style, size down one or tw	Dresses
This tunic is true to size, i ordered the xxs as i am 5'5", 110 lbs. it fit perfectly and hit me about 4 inches above the knee. similar to model photo (i have long torso). it has a very sparingly done cluster of sparkle sequence. the draw string waist has a tie on each side to adjust length. i actually returned it only because it seemed a little to young a look for me. i was sorry to do so.	Dresses
I tried the other dresses by this brand and they were short and didn't fit well. but this dress fit better,i bought the orange size 8 and it fit good with a swing to the bottom. for reference i am 5''9 , 34dd and thin and this fit well with some room. this time they got the slip right and its not tight and the length hits right above the knee which give an overall better look plus the long sleeve balances out the dress. i'm going to wear mine with tall brown boots.	Dresses
This color is gorgeous. this could be dressed up or down. great buy!	Knits
I just received this dress wadded up in a bag. it is nothing like the colors shown on line. in the picture it appears blue and white. in actuality it is teal and a funky color of beigey pink. the top is see though but it does see have a slip under the skirt. will be sending it back and again remind myself why i shouldn't try to buy a dress on line.	Dresses
Love this tank! it's super soft and has a lovely drape. i got 3 colors on sale and am so glad i did!	Knits
Lightweight and comfy fabric, very flattering on, except runs a bit big through the body. i normally wear a 12/14 and a l at most stores, but retailer seems to run large on me, so i needed to exchange this for a smaller size as the fabric width on the body was just too much.	Knits
This is what i'd been looking for without even knowing it! it's long without being too long, and most importantly - its soft, not scratchy the way so many winter clothes can be. i wasn't sure if i should order the small or the medium so i went with the medium, and it fits great. the weave is just slightly wide, but not to the point where you have to wear a cami or tee underneath, but the fit is loose enough that you can, if you want to for added warmth. i really like it.	Knits
This dress is one of a kind! i saw it on sale and immediately snatched it for a very reasonable price. i could not be happier. i've already had the chance to wear it at an event and felt like miss mary from downton abby. very classy and elegant.	Dresses
Love, love, love! wish i had gotten this in every color. the absolute most perfect tank with just the right amount of flow. i am 5'3 with 34d chest and the medium is great.	Knits
This top runs extremely large and has a very unflattering cut for those without a straight figure. i have 36ddd boobs and a muscular, curvy frame. this top adds about 20lbs.	Knits
Cute tank, runs big. i purchased the mango and it's a bit sheer.	Knits
This tank is wonderful for those with full hips because it hangs just right to cover any flaws. the colors are bright and the material is soft. there is a band at the end that elevates the tank so you can wear it out if you would like. not too low in the front and overall the tank runs true to size. i suppose if you wanted a tighter fit you could size down 1 size, but i like the way it hangs in my regular size. i'm very busty and hippy and this top makes both look slim. highly recommend.	Knits
This top is so soft and luxuriously comfy! i love wearing it around the house, haven't really "dressed" it up yet with jeans or jewelry. it runs slightly big, but if you like the oversized look, this is definitely perfect.	Knits
I bought this tank to wear with the pilcro linen wide leg pants in navy. what a great outfit! this tank is very flowy, but not overly large, and hangs beautifully over pants. it's casual, yet can be worn under a nice sweater or jacket and look great. i bought the white and had no issues with transparency when i wore a nude colored bra. i bought it in s and could've gone with an xs but didn't want it to be tight. i'm going back to my local retailer store today to buy it in at least one other color.	Knits
I am 5'4", 170lbs, 34dd and a medium fits beautifully in this top. the mint green is very pretty, and a nude bra under it works without showing and without it being see-thru. it is super soft and pretty, and doesn't cling. i love it!	Knits
This is a great shirt but it was big for its size. i'm also short so maybe the petite size would have fit me better	Knits
This tank top is great under cardigans or worn over shorts. the pocket and the seam along the bottom give it enough detail to be worn as a stand alone, but not too much to overshadow a stylish sweater layered over it. i bought the white one in the store in a medium and it fit great. then i purchased two more online (mango and pink) in the same size and they run a bit smaller than the one in the store. i thought the mango was a soft yellow from the photo online but it's pretty bright, as is the p	Knits
Had to take a needle and pull threads to the back so not visible and i see this as an ongoing problem.	Knits
Great top, lately i've been sizing down from my usual xs to xxs with pure & good tops, but in this one the xs was best. i bought this in 3 colors and they're my go to tanks for summer. the mint is a bit sheer, but not bad. i did not get try the yellow or white one.	Knits
This is the perfect simple tank for summer. not clingy, and hangs really nicely, but not so billowy that you can't layer a nice wrap or cardigan over it. fabric feels like a great quality. i got it in white, and it's a bit sheer, but i typically layer my tanks anyway. tempted to get this in every color!	Knits
I'm an xl in all retailer tops, and sometimes the xl are still too small to fit loosely; i don't like to wear tight clothes. having said that, i had to purchase this top in a size small because it was just cut so large. the sleeves hang a bit odd if you don't get the correct size. i love the feel of the blouse, the fabric is a nice quality. i recommend giving it a try but have patience during the process of figuring out the size that will look best on you in this blouse.	Knits
Love this tank. it's nice and loose and looks great with all kinds of bottoms. it's very forgiving if you have a midsection. it's soft, and great colors. really nice for spring casual looks.	Knits
Bought this in the turquoise color and it is awesome. for those worried about it being see-through, i'm wearing a black bra and you can't see it. it's the perfect weight. super bummed that the green is sold out but may check in stores.	Knits
The colors are beautiful	Knits
I ordered both the green and the pink and needed the extra extra small petite in the shirt to make it work for me  nice light material cute fit  unfortunately didn't like the pink color was too bright for me ( and although i ordered an extra extra small petite they sent me an extra small petite which is just slightly too big )and saw the mango in the store which i also didn't like the color	Knits
This product is perfect for early fall wear. when the weather is a little cooler a shell worn under it will be fabulous	Knits
Very nice top, like the linen fabric. i ordered my regular size m and its huge. makes me look larger than i am, and i will be returning it. i would like a size s i think, just not a flattering oversize fit for me	Knits
I live in a hot and humid climate so this tank is perfect for everyday use. you can dress it up or down and the lightweight material keeps you cool. i bought it in 2 colors and may go back for more. i wish i would have found them sooner.	Knits
I'm glad i listened to my instincts once again regarding maeve maxidress. the stretchiness of this knit jersey fabric allows me to comfortably size down from my usual medium/large since the fabric relaxes so much as you wear it. i adore the color, pattern, slim profile and cut in arm holes. wearing this makes my short self feel statuesque and sofisticated.	Dresses
The tank top fits well. i usually boarded between a large and an xl and i got a large in this shirt which was perfect. it is kind of thin material so i wear a white tank under it. it's not too big in the armpits which is nice so my bra doesn't show. material is really soft and comfortable. it fits loose but not baggy.	Knits
I have several of these tanks from last year and bought new colors this year. i have found the fit to be easy and relaxed, but not baggy. they are very flattering. i wear them thru the fall and winter as layering pieces under sweaters and flannel shirts as well. i was them in cold water, delicate cycle, hang to dry and they are good to go. they have held up well - even the ones that are 2+ years old are still going strong with no holes or tears.	Knits
This fits tts. it is body-hugging as shown on the model. the knit is thin, soft with tons of stretch. i bought the "navy" which is the color shown in the photo. as you can see, it's not really navy. it's a strange blue that's more like a faded dark mallard blue. but, it's still blue.the sleeves are long on me. so you taller girls won't have issues. the ruffles move and are so fun. the fabric, however, is not finished off. it's raw cut material, which is why i gave it 4 stars.	Knits
The uniqueness of this top caught my eye online. i normally wld not want a long sleeve top in the summer. a bit warm to wear outside now but i like the casual but unique style of it. it's a top i can wear now but only indoors with a/c. the regular small fits fine. a little oversized & sleeves a little long - as in the pic. the color/style/detaling is exactly as in the pic - no surprises. soft & comfy. a little opaque but a nude bra will work fine. i don't see the need for a tank/cami under it. i	Knits
I bough this top in blue and i really like the color , style and fabric. i also bough the necklace as styled in the photo and they look well together. it's a departure from more tailored clothing for me. i keep on trying linen tops and up to now, this seems the best cut for linen. as the fabric stretches, it will still fall nicely.	Knits
It runs large. loose or oversized tops don't bother me so i thought it would be fine, but this just made me look wider then i am. is thin and too sheer for me as well. it was just so unflattering. i had to return it.	Knits
This shirt is nice and flowy. it can be dressed up or down. very lightweight for summer, but the color will work for early fall too.	Knits
I ordered the moss green color. i love it! the color is really cool, the length is longer, and the fabric is soft. great summer option!	Knits
Love everything about this top. the ruffles give the top a great edgy style. will look great with some skinny jeans and boots.	Knits
Love! this tank?everyone should own it in every color?it is soft, has a great shape, and is super cute. it goes great with so many of the pants/shorts from retailer as well. summer staple for sure.	Knits
I bought this in two colors : the green which i love and the washed out look adds some interest to make this other than a plain tank. i also bought this in white and it is completely see through. i will never understand why designers don't pay attention to how fabric would look as soon as you put a bra on. if you want to wear a tank under your tank then get the lighter colors otherwise i would stick with the green.. honestly debating on whether to buy the bright blue color but i fear it's just n	Knits
I'm barely 5'4" and rarely find a maxi that isn't far too long or the other extreme. i prefer mine to just barely reach the ground as opposed to rising 5 inches from the floor for example. this one is perfect with flat sandals. i tried on the 4 and chuckled b/c it was 6" too long. tried on the 2 and not only was it the perfect length, the bodice fit like a glove. i would say i'm average bust size, always fluctuating but not generally flat-chested. i prefer more conservative sleeveless dresses an	Dresses
Love this dress !!	Dresses
This is the first maxi i purchased this summer. i went with a petite as the regular length would need to be altered and i didn't want to lose some of the pattern on the bottom. it is a beautiful flowy dress. no need for a slip. it has beads on the bodice. i kept the dress but it is tight at the chest area and sizing up wouldn't have made that much of a difference..kinda uncomfortable in the chest area. has yet to be worn so may return..	Dresses
This dress could have been great but for me there was too much design on the top part/ front. i wish the neckline was different or just less beadwork/ design near my face.all in all its a maxi dress and was returned because approx. $250 was too much to spend on this.	Dresses
I really loved the dress in the picture. it is reallynice quality. unfortunately it was really long. i am5'4 and it was about 8 inches too long. hemming itwould have ruined the details of the dress. they werebackordered on petites in my size ,so, i just returned it.	Dresses
This shirt is just precious! i cannot wait to pair it with a pair of white skinny jeans and wedges in the spring. i'm so in love with it. the detail is just beautiful.	Knits
Beautiful detail in the bodice... but i'm either too short or it's a bit too long for me. ;) have not yet decided if i "can" keep it. material is elegant, details are beautiful.	Dresses
I ordered this online with fingers crossed, in my usual size m. it fits well, albeit a tad snug (although very flattering on my curvy frame). it is an unusual color for me, but i ended up loving it in person where you can really appreciate all the detailed woven patterns in the fabric. there is a slip underneath which ends several inches above the hem.	Dresses
I am an retailer employee. i immediately fell in love with this dress. i tried it on and it was way to long, as always with regular store sizes...i am short 5'0". i wanted to order but it was backordered for about a month, i ordered it anyway. my husband and i took a mini vacation to chicago over easter weekend and in the miracle mile store they had the dress in my petite size. i was in heaven as they had an awesome petite area in the store there. i purchased a 2 petite which is the size i	Dresses
This dress is super feminine and pretty, wore to my nephew's birthday party. fit is spot on - i'm a 34c, 5'7", and 135 and size 4 fit true to size. my only complaint is that the dress not come with extra beads. i only wore once and already lost a bead form the bodice. for this price range, extra beads should be included.	Dresses
I love this dress! it flatters so nicely. i'm 5'3 and pretty thin. it hugs all my curves snugly.	Dresses
Don't listen to other reviews- this runs large not small. i have a 34d and i usually wear a 4 in most retailer dresses. therefor after reading the reviews, i ordered a 6. i was swimming in it. just ordered a 2p and 2 to see which will fit. the design is stunning and it's very well made. i'm hoping for the perfect fit once the dresses arrive.	Dresses
This dress is great if you're very skinny and have no chest. otherwise, it makes you look dowdy. the colors are also quite washed out and do nothing for my complexion.this one is going back.	Dresses
Love this top. purchased for family photos and i think it's great. personally i don't think the model shot is doing it justice - it's much prettier in person. runs true to size for retailer. i am a 34d and i purchased a small.	Knits
Ordered this dress in an xs, that is the size i usually wear. this runs small, but not only that it is the way it is cut, very small through the hips, thighs and legs. hard to walk in it. the material felt kind of cheap to me. i thought it looked really good on the model, but got it home and didn't like it at all! it went back!	Dresses
I love the idea of this top and ordered it in white. it is a great design and proportion is nice with jeans. the front is off white t shirt material with a pocket and the back is a light grey heathered panel. i am returning it as it is very thin and the quality is cheap looking. if the grade of material had been a bit thicker and better made, then it would have been a winner!	Knits
Great top for all seasons. hides imperfections, flatters hourglass shapes. and great thickness/weight to fabric. i'm wearing it to a concert with skinny moto jeans and booties! side zip is excellent feature and great quality.	Knits
This is a beautiful dress but unfortunately it is only for women who are not well endowed - it is extremely well fitted in the chest. the high waste also poufs out due to a lot of extra material and the double lining. a beautiful dress but a very very poor construction. also there are bright blue and yellow beads in the chest area that are a bizarre combo to the corals and browns of the fabric. i am normally a 4/6 at retailer and the 8 was extremely small.	Dresses
This dress is really lovely and the quality seems excellent. the bodice of the dress fits tight and that is why i knocked off one star. i am a 34 a 5'6" and 123 lbs., ordered the 2, my usual size. the top part is very snug and it hugs tightly around my neck which i don't like. i may try going up a size but it fits so perfectly everywhere else. the length is perfect it just touches the ground, no need to hem it even with flats. the color may be a bit more of a peachy color in person but overall t	Dresses
This top has dry clean only. didn't like the fabric. plus mine was a return. i also returned it because the left arm has a hole. now it's for sale again. if your looking to buy a large. don't.	Knits
I love this dress! i'm 5'5", and it's just long enough to be dramatic and graze my feet without dragging on the ground with flat sandals. the print is lovely and the beading is subtle. as some have mentioned, the neck is high. it's definitely noticeable, but i didn't find it uncomfortable.	Dresses
Very different. i love the unique design and it is appropriate for various settings .	Knits
I loved this dress and the color. i wanted to wear it to my niece's wedding. i usually wear a medium but couldn't get it on. the large was perfect in the top but too tight in the hips for a wedding even with spanks. the xl was perfect is the hips in that it didn't cut, but the top was huge. i really don't understand the sizing of this dress at all.	Dresses
This is an awesome shirt! gorgeous quality and design. can be dressed up or down! it runs slightly large i ordered a small. i would still order a small but if you are trying to decide between a small and an extra small i would get the extra small.	Knits
Great fit, wonderfully made, and priced just right.	Knits
Although this is a very lovely dress in the pictures, and it has a lovely quality in person, the shape and orientation of the dress is very awkward. the attached slip makes it tricky to put on, and the sizing between the top and the hips seems inconsistent (tight in the hips, large in the top). not quite for my body type - maybe better for someone with slim hips and a bigger bust.	Dresses
I just received this dress and i'm glad i read previous reviews and ordered a size up. i normally wear an xs or s and ordered a medium it fits perfectly. the color is beautiful and the dress is unique. can't wait to find a special event to wear it.	Dresses
This top is exactly as pictured and the fit is perfect. the knit is a nice quality and the embroidery is striking. i can't wait to wear it. it will look great with skinny jeans.	Knits
Gorgeous dress, soft + silky material, and flattering on most body types. best purchase i've made at retailer in a long time, i get compliments every time i wear it!	Dresses
-i normally don't go for these tops because with my hourglass frame and wider hips, it only makes me look wider. however, like others, i was drawn to the fabric and feel.the bottom half really is lovely and looks expensive, and the top half is stretchy an	Knits
What a beautiful dress! a size 2 fit me perfectly- 5'5 120lbs. i have a small ribcage so it works on me but it might be too tight for someone with a larger one. the fabric is of amazing quality and i was so glad to see there is a liner under the skirt. the top has some delicate beading which looks great but i am concerned it will fall off at some point. i have found that retailer clothing tends to have loose buttons and beading. i have not washed it yet so i am hoping it holds up. otherwise, i am	Dresses
I feel so lucky to have caught this as a popback--this dress is killer! it's casual style and simple design can be found at other retailers, but the quality and details and fit can only be made by retailer and dolan. it's body skimming but lined so it doesn't cling to flaws, the knit itself is substantial and it's a mockneck, not a turtleneck. i would say this dress runs small because i usually buy medium and this fit in a large. because of weight and lining, this is a spring and early fall dress	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it in the catalog and was so bummed to see it on backorder online until may! i went to my local store and they had it in stock so i immediately tried it on. i'm not usually a big fan of maxi dresses but this dress is so pretty and the quality is amazing! the fabric is light and airy but not too delicate and the subtle beading on the top adds an extra special touch. the waist is a little high (it's similar to the picture online) but i'm also 5'10 so it mi	Dresses
I ordered this dress online and did not realize it had beaded details on the bodice... gorgeous dress - perfect for festival season.	Dresses
Great top to dress (further) up or down. it does, however, run large and the straps seem (too) long. if you are a petite you will not be able to wear a regular without alterations.	Knits
Love this maxi! gorgeous print, flowy and romantic. in my opinion runs a bit tight in the chest- i sized up from my usual 6 to an 8 and it was perfect. i am 5'7" and it was floor length without tripping me up. looks great on darker skin. i am on the fair side (winter skin!) and the beige color down the middle looked flesh-toned and washed me out a bit, but with a tan this dress will be perfect!	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress - everything about it was so beautiful - except the fit , the length, the neckline ... i tried on a 4, 6 and petite 4. i'm 5'5" 130 32dd - the top of the dress runs small/tight - so i needed to try it on without a bra.the length on the regular is to the floor/with the petite to my ankles. the print was beautiful and like in the photo, it flowed nicely but there was just too much fabric - maybe it was just the design for me - it did nothing for my figure at all	Dresses
I purchased this dress in white and i love the color! i think it's a great casual look and it's really fun to wear. my experience has been that this runs true to size, i'm 5'4, 120 lbs and i ordered a size xs.	Dresses
Nice, thick material. cream has lining underneath which i appreciated so that it's not sheer in the light. flattering design	Dresses
I saw this dress and i thought it would be perfect for that night that you don't feel like wearing just jeans yet you don't want to be overdressed. the dress is 100% cotton and is extremely comfortable. i paired with an open toe wide heeled bootie and a long necklace. the dress has a slight a line bottom but fits close to the body in chest and arms. extremely flattering for all body types and the color is a pretty blue. a dress for all seasons!!!!	Dresses
Pretty color, but i was hoping for a thicker, higher quality material for the price. the material is lightweight and isn't tailored well. looks kind of sloppy.	Dresses
Found this randomly in the store (online return) and didn't expect to like it but tried it on and fell in love with it. extremely comfortable dress, but also has a unique/special design that makes you feel great wearing it. will be perfect to wear out when don't want to look too dressed up or like trying too hard.	Dresses
I'm super happy with this dress! it's extremely well made, very light and comfortable and the shoulder cutouts are tastefully done. this dress is cotton but doesn't look cheap or too casual; it's one of those rare finds that will look great dressed up or down. this will absolutely work across seasons, with leggings and boots/booties or bare legs and sandals when spring comes around. i do feel like it runs a little large, but again it's 100% cotton so i know there will be some shrinking when wash	Dresses
Looks better online than in person. material makes it look a little puffy	Dresses
I really wanted to like this... it's soft and cozy and a nice shade of blue, but that's where the positives end. i ordered the xs and it was huge. wide, shapeless, and way too long (i'm 105lbs and 5'1). even if it came in petite, i'm not sure it's worth the price, because i can imagine the thin material losing its shape and getting stretched out.	Dresses
I bought this dress because i love the cut-out shoulder look and had been wanting to find something with this trend that i'd feel comfortable wearing. the dress fits well and the shoulder cut-out gives it a trendy look. i love the classic navy color. i was originally hesitant to buy it because of the slub material - which i've always thought to be a cheaper, thin cotton. the slub is more substantial than other slub tops i've seen elsewhere, so i was happy about that. still, it is made with slub	Dresses
I have the t shirt from last year and i love it so could not wait to try the dress. why didn't you make it in petite? it can work with some tailoring but petite sizing esp since this runs on the big side, would have been ideal. love the navy, will try the white. how about some more colors and petite?? please??? more t shirt dresses in general too please!!	Dresses
I have been looking for a cold shoulder dress for a while, but haven't been able to find anything i really liked. i ordered this and picked it up at the local store. it is very comfortable and seemed a little big at first, so i washed and dried it and it seemed to shrink just a little to fit well. i love the open shoulders. i wore it with gray tights and gray boots for valentine's day and it was perfect for the cold winter weather. i think it is a bit overpriced, but i still love it! it's a nice	Dresses
I noticed half of the reviews on here were from women with a slim/straight and/or petite figure. fit-and-flare dresses simply will not work for you; it's the entire purpose behind the "flare" shape at the hip. it will be too large for women without wider hips.-------------------------that said, i found this perfect for me in every way. after having a baby, it's hard to find a dress that fits my more curvy shape where most of my weight fell on the hips and bust. i wish this dress was a tad long	Dresses
I purchased this dress in white and am quite happy with the fit and design. not too fancy but definitely not casual either. easy to dress up or down and can be worn for various occasions. the fit is great, but i do wish it was not so lose around the belly (it truly is fine though). has more of the hanging feel than the fitted feel. very comfortable for an evening out.	Dresses
This is definitely one that looks better on than on the hanger. i am 5'10" so it is a little too short for me to wear with bare legs (it tends to ride up) but it looks great with boots and tights. i love the raw edges of the striped a-line part. i have also worn it belted and that is also a very cute look.	Dresses
I loved the blue brocade since it's a little unusual, paired with a top that brings an otherwise formal fabric into something you could wear out to dinner, plus a little pop of extra color from the ribbon! my biggest fear ordering online was that the top would look cheap - fortunately it doesn't. the top of the dress was fitted (i wore my usual size). what i didn't expect, though, is the skirt is really poofs out a lot below the ribbon, which runs just below the bust. the photo online shows a li	Dresses
I was excited to find this on sale because i just love baily 44, their designs are always simple, beautiful, and comfortable, and this one, just like the other 2 baily 44 dresses i own is perfect. i am 5'9, 125 pounds, and 34b bra size and got my usual size, xs. unlike my other baily 44 dresses, this one has a more relaxed fit up top and then has a form fitting layer that shows off your curves on the bottom. i personally don't think it's too short, but then again plan to wear tights with this pi	Dresses
Just received this, been eyeing it and with free shipping and 15% off (due to online survey i took) i bought it. it's flattering, the color and design is very pretty. i just really like it!	Dresses
This is the most beautiful dress. i am so happy that i got it. it is very comfortable and the colors are brilliant. it's completely appropriate for a holiday party which is what i got it for and i'll be wearing it to a wedding in may also.	Dresses
I wasn't all that impressed with this dress on the hanger, but i am so glad i tried it on. it is super comfortable, very flattering, and can be worn multiple ways. spot on!	Dresses
This dress is such a crazy beautiful color, the picture doesn't do it justice. i ordered this right when i saw it, and i almost love it. the color is very bright and the fabric seems nice, but i just didn't find it flattering at all. the slip wasn't the nicest, but completely not a deal breaker. i didn't think it was overly flattering on the model either, so i was hoping by some miracle that i would like it anyway, but something about the way it's cut is just a little off for me. it was very tru	Dresses
This dress looks great on...feminine and swishy! color is bright and the underslip is nicely attached, which i appreciate...no fighting with straps, etc. i ordered a six for my 5'4", 130 lb, 34dd self and it fits like a dream. the extra 5 lbs i support with lots of food is on my tummy, just to give you an idea of my shape.	Dresses
I love, love, love this dress! it fits perfectly! it is comfortable and can be dressed up or down. i get compliments on it every time i wear it!	Dresses
I'm bought this dress at 16 weeks pregnant and am loving it! the top drapes, but is still form-fitting enough to show off a little bump. i've received so many compliments. the skirt is short, but i love it, makes legs look great with tights! i sized up a little to allow for room to grow.	Dresses
I ordered this dress to wear to a summer wedding in san francisco. i liked that it had sleeves, a plus. when i was trying it on, i found that it was a little snug, then realized it was the slip, which is not too tight at all once the dress is on. it helps to smooth those little bumps. it is drop waist style, which skims the torso, then flares out prettily. all in all very complimentary, beautiful color, well made. very pleased; it will be comfortable and perfect at the wedding.	Dresses
Love this layered turtleneck dress. super cute and super comfy. love the contrastin pattern and fabric of the top half and the skirt. also the skirt is very hip hugging as shown in the photo, with the result being flattering. i wore it to work with sweater tights and boots (winter in seattle) and felt completely put together.	Dresses
Beautiful color and flattering fit on me. i bought the size 4 and it fits my 5'5" 125 lb frame perfectly. i love that it has sleeves!! no worries about upper arms. it is light and silky even though it is not made of silk. it is elegant and casual at the same time thus versatile. i will wear it to three different weddings this summer and can make it work for the office too. love it. worth every penny..	Dresses
Unlike some of the other reviewers, i found this dress to be true to size. post pregnancy i am a 6 on top and an 8 on the bottom. ordered a 6 and it is perfect. (140 lbs and 34c) perhaps that's because i'm long waisted and the waistline hits right below my rib cage?the colors, materials and quality are wonderful. i can see wearing this in the winter and summer. in fact, it will look lovely against sun kissed skin.one thing, the top portion appeared to be a knit in the pictures online, howeve	Dresses
I love this dress. it is so comfortable and easy to wear. i was able to wear it to work and look nice but stylish. it was nice that it isn't too heavy but the turtleneck kept me warm enough.	Dresses
This is a very light, flowy dress. the lining is very fitted, but the dress is actually not fitted. it has a nice flow, but hits right at the thigh area before flowing out. plan to wear it to work.the color is very bright and pretty.	Dresses
I ordered this on the black friday sale. one reviewer mentions that the fabric is thin, and i ordered it anyway because the design was unique. besides, i have another bailey 44 dress and felt that i knew what to expect on quality. when it arrived, i was pleasantly surprised. while not thick, the fabric is a better quality than my other dress. plus, the style is unique and flattering. i am 5'4", and it hits 2-3 inches above my knee. i will definitely wear it to work with knee boots!	Dresses
I should have listened to the reviews that said this top was too boxy, but i didn't believe them and bought it anyway. i was wrong! this top is so boxy and wide, just awful.	Knits
I love this dress. it is very cute and comfortable and great for football games / everyday wear. it is a little long, which is great for me since i'm taller.	Dresses
I've been looking for an off the shoulder trend item and this one fits the bill perfectly. the denim is a nice color and weight, love, love the pockets! the neckline is not too frilly, the sleeves are fluttery but not over the top ruffled. i wore this dress to lunch with cute flat sandals and i must say it looked adorable! sad i didn't find this earlier in the summer, but will wear when i can. my only concern is that it will shrink in length, i'm hoping not. this one will def be taken to the dry	Dresses
Super cute basic top but after washing it once according to tag instructions, it is pilling like a well-worn sweater would.	Knits
Very disappointed that i ordered this dress and a large was too big. returned and asked for an exchange to a size medium, it was apparently not available in the medium, i was charged a 5.95 fee for return shopping. so i immediately went to website, medium available and i had to pay another 12.95 for shipping. seems a bit unreasonable, but really liked the dress.	Dresses
It is a little pricey for what it is, but i love it so much that i am keeping it. i am normally size 4-6 and the s fits great. the rope straps are just adorable!	Dresses
This is a really well made, great looking blouse. the details are charming. i like that it is a good weight, not too sheer. the 3/4 sleeves are perfect. i ordered a medium and it is a good fit overall. so glad i put it in my shopping cart to try. it's a keeper!	Knits
I really like the style and cute stripes and i love the versatility of the design of this shirt. fits true to size and hides my stomach just in the right places	Knits
This ruffle tee is adorable on. the fabric is light but not thin and the styling is very flattering to any figure. i look forward to wearing it as a transition piece as it stays warm long into fall in the south.	Knits
I tried on the xs and the shoulder are fit, but the body seemed so wide on me, it took me over... i don't know if xxs would have worked, but it is not available (and petite either). fabric is soft enough for denim, color is nice, overall, really pretty dress, just unfortunately big.and i have wide shoulders.30dd chest, 26.5 in wasit, big legs, 115 lbs.	Dresses
I think when this is new, it runs big, and then shrinks to the right size. that's what it did for me anyway. it did shrink after one wash, but not significantly. i bought it in m and feel it stayed within that range. super cute with shorts - airy, light. love the white. ordering another color!	Knits
I ordered one of each color in size xl. the fit is true to size. it matches the model's photos. there's a lot of material so it's flowy. but, it shrunk with air-drying. the colors are very pretty in person. the white is bright. i decided to keep mine even though they're truthfully, unflattering to wear. the way the sleeves are slightly gathered and cut, make my shoulders & arms look huge. i don't have the shape to pull this off. but, for wearing at home in the summer, they're worth having. the m	Knits
I tried on this shirt in the small and the xxs - both were ridiculously wide. they were also both cut really short - the peplum basically started right below my boobs, though the small was maybe a little bit longer than the eex. the stripes are really cute, the cut is just very strange. for reference, the black and white is the small, the taupe is the xxs.	Knits
Bought this shirt because i loved the cut and the stripes. had little to no shape to it. some may think it runs big but it appears that is the look this top is going for. i feel like being short, i just looked kind of dumpy on me. fabric is nice but borders on see through. it was just ok....nothing exciting.	Knits
Love the way this looked online/on model. would not recommend for a shorter or curvy person such as myself. it just ended up looking like a very chic potato sack on me, and was not flattering.	Dresses
The quality and fabric are fabulous but it's just too voluminous for my figure (5'8", 155 lbs), would look great on someone more slender.	Dresses
I am very self conscience of my tummy and this covers it up without being too baggy! there is plenty of room. i originally bought a small then went to an extra small then went back to a small. i wear a small in most things. great nicer looking tee!	Knits
This is a vary cute blouse. i ordered both colors in my typical medium, intending to give one to my sister. i couldn't decide what color to keep but went with the black simply because it fit my style better. looks great with dark jeans. the tan stripe is very cute, a little more summery and looked better on the sis than me.	Knits
Cute swing tee! fit for me is perfect. i am 5'5" and 140 lbs and i bought my usual small. length is nice. fits me just at my hips. i can wear to work and on the weekends. a little concerned the fabric may pill so i'm taking extra care. receive compliments every time i wear either color. love.	Knits
This shirt runs large. i ordered it before it was sold in stores so i didn't return it. the style is really cute. the shirt does pill.	Knits
This top is so comfortable and better quality than i expected. ruffles fall nicely over your sholulder and there is a fabric underarm, i don't have to wear a tank top underneath like i normally would with tops with wide opening around arms. color is beautiful too, i really love it. true to size.	Knits
I am always searching for effortless items. this is a cute and classic shirt that meets all those requirements. i actually really like the sleeves. it take a basic tee and elevates the style. i bought the teal but am also thinking about ordering the white too. can't go wrong with a classic white tee.	Knits
Material is nice. design would be so great if it didn't fit so large! i am 5'4" 118lbs, athletic build. the dress could be belted i think (a very slim girl at retailer did this), but it is not worth $158 in my opinion. if on sale i might keep it due to the hastle of returning it, however, it is not "flowy." it fits okay in the shoulders, almost too loose, and the rest looks like a potato sack. so disappointed!!	Dresses
I bought the green and white and waiting to see how these wash based on previous reviews. they are definitely not figure flattering and make you a bit boxy. you could belt it, but i won't i'll just wear for errands and lounging, better than my sports tees! i bought mediums because if it shrinks a tad, the small might be too short in the arms and i wanted a bit more arm coverage.	Knits
I thought this top would make me look extremely boxy, but i couldn't resist the stripes and the cut of the top. i did size down, and so glad i did! adorable .... fun and flattering! and that's coming from a curvy girl, with a ddd bust. soo soft!!!!	Knits
I got this in black and it's a great basic t-shirt- the v-neck is just right in depth, and the material is very soft and lightweight. the fit is good. the back is long, which can be good or not-so-good depending on how you want to wear it. i really like the la t shirts because the material has a nice soft drape and they seem to fit exceptionally well.	Knits
I love the loose vibe of this top. the bold stripes are super cute. i can dress this up or wear with jeans and sneakers. get this top ladies!	Knits
This top takes every other tee and blows it out of the water! it appears subtle on the hanger, but it looks so lady like on! the flutter sleeve are darling. the top does have a lot of volume, but the drape is so lovely, it adds some shape. it is perfect to wear everyday and dress up! i bought to wear with the bryden skirt. for reference, i purchased ordered the xs (though i am wearing a s in the photo) and i am 34c, 26" waist. the shoulder fit okay with easter size, but there was a little less v	Knits
I just bought this top in size medium and i love it. super comfortable and flowy. if you want to dry it in the machine, just put cold air and it won't shrink. don't use hot air...	Knits
You know how you hope that a dress that you order online is as good as you think it will be? well, this one is better then i had hoped! it fits beautifully. it is crafted beautifully. there is nothing i don't like about it. i was pleasantly surprised at how light the fabric is. i thought it might be a heavier denim, but it is perfect. not so light that you can see through it, but cool and breezy even in the florida heat. do yourself a favor and grab this one before it's gone!	Dresses
Love this dress! it is very comfortable and stylish. looks great with flats or wedges. material is soft and comfy! definitely worth the price.	Dresses
Adorable denim dress! fabric is lighter than i imagined but is very flattering. perfect length. this is not a form fitting dress at all so if you're going for that pass on the dress or possibly order a size down.	Dresses
This.an unexpected purchase...i found this on my way to the dressing room.the fit is stunning. i sized way down (i.e. normally wear 10/12, curvy, and bought a small).it accentuates my curves, and is incredibly flattering. i bought the navy, and will be adding another color soon!the material is viscose blend - soft and flowy. it's a nice addition to my work wardrobe.	Knits
I am very frustrated. i ordered the pxs and pxxs back in may...at the time they were both on back order until early august. last week i received an email that the pxxs was no longer available. i emailed customer service and got the reply that the shipment of pxxs was damaged and so that's why they were no longer available. i did receive the pxs and while the length is good for me at 5'4" it is enormous through the entire body (shoulders down to the hemline!) i know the pxxs is the size i needed	Dresses
This is one of my absolute favorite dresses of the season! fun, flirty and fashionable! i wore it with a chunky necklace, floppy hat and sandals one time and with wedges and dangly earrings the other time. it is a must own dress!	Dresses
I ordered this in tan and white, but ended up returning it. the material is a bit thin (but soft). the shape of the top was decent, i didn't think it was too boxy but i didn't like how the seams looked on the sides. ultimately i didn't think it was worth the price.	Knits
Nice stretchy shirt. nothing special so i wouldn't pay more than sale price.	Knits
I ordered this online. it's fine. i am usually a small in tops and it fits true to the size. good material. no complaints. looks good layered.	Knits
I love the look and the simplicity of this top! it's very casual, but also super cute. my only issue with it was the fabric started to ball up after a few wears. but i still love it!	Knits
I ordered this on-line. i love the sleeves and the pleat in the back, but the top runs large. i ordered a small, but it is too big. other reviews say that the top shrinks when you wash it. however, i'm not sure if the store would let me return a washed item if it doesn't shrink enough for my taste. i think i will probably be returning this top.	Knits
Purchased this top in the store on sale. love the material. very soft and comfortable. love the black and white combination. i am petite so the top is a great length on me. i can see that if you are tall it might be to short.	Knits
I chose to ignore the other reviews saying this shirt was too wide thinking that my wider shoulders would fill it out, but that's not the case. the shirt is adorable and soft and cute on, but just too wide around the armpit/chest area and with the horizontal stripes it just didn't look attractive. i would love to try the next size down to see if it works, but the black and white xxs is sold out so back it went. i am only 5'4" with a shorter torso so the length was fine for me.	Knits
This is just okay for me. the top is soft and surprisingly flattering, especially from the side, but the front rides up and the neckline never lays flat. it washes well and the tan/white combo is cute, but a little transparent.	Knits
The quality of this top is wonderful. thick enough to prevent see-through, but thin enough to create a beautiful drape. the fringe details are lovely. the top is slightly roomy (ranks between "true to size" and "runs large," i.e., leaves room in the back when i clasp my hands together and stretch them out in front of me), but not really enough to size up. i'm 5'-4", 120 lbs., athletic build, and the small fits well. my only issue with the aesthetic is that the pattern of the lace on the upper pa	Knits
This is definitely a cute top! i am 5'1" 34a, and bought the extra small. it fits well, very flowy. a little shorter than i like, but it still looks cute. it's thin, but soft and comfortable. i wore it just like the model, with my long jeans and some wedge sandals and it looks great for a spring day!	Knits
Love this dress! really nice quality, timeless design, not to mention the flared sleeves are so flattering! this dress makes me feel so cute and tiny. i normally struggle to function in off the shoulder tops but deal with it because i love the way that they look, but this one really is the perfect fit and has just the right amount of give without being too loose. the body size and length does run large, so size down on this one. now i understand why the petites were all sold out? whatever, modes	Dresses
I got this shirt because of the flutter sleeves, and i'm not disappointed. it is a classic t, with that little bit of an edge due to the sleeves. it is not fitted, which is what i was looking for. it also covers my bum, which i don't always like hanging out there. in all, it's perfect for my needs. i got the turquoise one and i may get the white one too!	Knits
Dress is so comfortable. great for town or resort. 5'7" size 6 34a and i got a size small.	Dresses
Gorgeous sleeves, flattering neckline...and a voluminous torso. i loved the fit of the top portion so much, i decided to buy it, knowing it would require alteration. the seamstress removed a *significant* amount of bulk and added vintage buttons to clasp the inverted pleat. i find many of these "easy breezy" tops create a shapeless look. extra volume in both the front and back creates a needlessly rotund profile. despite excellent posture, i looked both hunched and pregnant in the unaltered silh	Knits
I am a fan of flutter sleeves, always have been. however, at 42 years old i sometimes feel as if i can't carry them off. not the case with this shirt. bordeaux has found a way to balance just sleeve with femininity and maturity. i'm a size 12 in jeans and tops. i ordered s large and it fit beautifully. very flattering.	Knits
Exactly as pictured. great and lightweight for summer but long enough with the cowl neck to layer for colder seasons. so comfy and easy.	Dresses
I tried this on in the store in a medium by accident, thinking that it was a large. i loved it even though the front was way too short on me and the elastic waist was way too tight. the store didn't have the next size up and after reading the other reviews i decided to order my standard xl online. its a keeper! i am plus sized and have an ample mid section and this was still flattering on me. i plan to wear it with a black duster sweater, leggings, and boots all winter long and then when the wea	Dresses
This shirt seemed to run really small, especially in the chest. i'm debating exchanging for a new size bc this was really cute but i'm not sure if i need to go up 1 or 2 sizes it was so tight	Knits
I recently came across this dress in store and decided to try it on. i immediately fell in love. my husband was patiently waiting outside the dressing area to see it and give his opinion but i knew i was going to get it regardless of his thoughts. :) this dress could be worn with heel, flats, sandals, booties, etc. the one drawback i have is the high cut of the wrapover in front. as other reviewers have said, i plan on wearing this places where i won't be sitting for long periods of time because	Dresses
I really love how comfortable and versatile this dress is. the midi length is perfect for booties or flats, and the cowl neck is loose and fluid, so it lays well. the only complaint i had, and it's minor, is the tulip skirt doesn't stay closed well when i walk or sit, which reveals more inner thigh than i am comfortable showing. i have to be very mindful of the skirt all day (i teach high school).	Dresses
I found this at my local store on sale and immediately snatched it up. i did not think of the wrap flying open until i got home and tried it on again. luckily, i was able to sew it up enough without compromising the drape and movement of the dress and without causing anyou pulling or puckering which isn't always easy when working with jersey.that said, i really like the dress otherwise. it's super soft and i think i'll get a lot of wear out of it when i want something cute and comfy to put on.	Dresses
I bought this dress for a cruise i'm going on in january. it's so light and comfortable. i'm 5'10 and the length is perfect. it will look really cute with a jean jacket and some booties. great price for this dress! you can't pass this up!!	Dresses
I love this incredibly soft fabric , it's well designed and very flattering . i am 6' tall with a large bustline , dresses can be difficult as the waistline usually hits in the wrong spot . but not this dress ! it's hits the spot and the high-lo hemline flatters my legs ! bought this to wear to hawaii ,paired with a panama hat and a pair of flatform sandels .	Dresses
Beautiful top but the angles emphasized my widest fluffy bits in an unattractive way. i ordered size large. the material, fabric and lace are pretty and well done. my arms looked huge too. and the piece under the arm hit below my bra and it was clearly visible by a couple inches. i carry my weight in my mid section and am short waisted. think this would look best on taller, thinner bods.	Knits
Purchased this item on sale-received it and it had two huge holes on the side.not possible to repair. very disappointed in lack of quality control. :(	Dresses
I had high hopes for this top but sadly it was not meant to be. it was tts (i'm 5"3 and usually wear a small). but the material was horribly scratchy. both the body of the top as well as the sleeves. and the design isn't all that flattering. it made me look really wide at the bottom and i definitely am not in real life!	Knits
This shirt makes me feel stylish without trying! i can put this on and feel like a fashion blogger without trying! it is comfortable and fits true to size. it is flattering at the bottom without too much width/peplum.	Knits
I love the fabric of this shirt and particularly the blousy back. it is slightly boxy on me and i wish it was just a little longer. looks really cute under cardigans.	Knits
Absolutely love this top. it can be worn with jeans or a nice pair of pants. material is so soft.. love the length , little longer in the back. definitely would buy in another color	Knits
This top looked really cute. when i receivedit the fit was not flattering. it is snug on top and very looseon the bottom with an excess amount of material. it made melook very disproportionate. i returned it.	Knits
This top is just lovely. the bow on the back is so unusual. i am so glad i bought it!!! i washed it on gentle and it turned out great!!!	Knits
Just a cute, casual tee that i grabbed on sale, but i love the bow in the back! something unique for an otherwise plain tee!	Knits
Soft cotton front, slightly more coarse back. shoulders run slimmer than bottom which flares out. bought on sale as a cute pajama top which will definitely work well. could also imagine with skinny jeans. normally wear a s, ordered an xs.	Knits
I ordered an xl because most retailer button ups i need a 12 and sometime 14 due to my shoulders and chest but this was huge.	Knits
The only problem with this top is that it only comes in two colors. this is a lightweight easy to wear top that surprises you with the cute design details. it will be easy to wear in the heat of my hometown. i don't think it is too thin and i won't need to add a camisole. i am 5'2" and weigh 120 and i got a small. perfect.	Knits
I love this tee s much i bought 3 different colors! the back is beautiful. it is so comfy and soft but its added spice makes it perfect for those times you want a little more style.	Knits
This t-shirt is perfect for summer. light, breezy & easy. i'm 5'4.5", 34dd, 150 lbs- m fits well. the front and the arms fit like a t-shirt, which means it looks busty for me. but that's how t-shirts always are for me. the back has something extra and that's the reason i'm keeping it.	Knits
The sides scooped up a bit too much on me. i was hoping to be able to tuck this into a skirt and wear to work, but there were definitely some gaps that showed the side of my midriff. back it goes. :(	Knits
This is an average top. i thought it would be a good work shirt (my office is very causal), but it was just too loungey looking. fit is true to size. the fabric is thin- a little see through. not worth $108 in my opinion. i returned it.	Knits
Maybe it's because i'm 40, but this top was underwhelming. i felt like it was a cheap tee with a big, obnoxious bow on the back. it does look cute on the model, so maybe it's a "younger" top. i would have felt silly wearing it.	Knits
Love the coral color of this shirt. only wish it was a little longer in the front. falls right to my jeans waistline.	Knits
I have these tops in white and blue. very comfotable to wear. the back part swings with movements and is flattering. good price so i got one for my daughter!	Knits
I saw this in the kelly green color one size larger than my normal. it didn't look much but i was so drawn to the very pretty green color so i tried it on anyway. boy, am i really glad i did! this is more than just your basic everyday tee. the back has a very cute gingham pleating detail that hangs well when paired with a skinny jean or leggings. material was pretty substantial for a tee and definitely not see-through. i am a true m on most retailer tops and this one is pretty true to size. the on	Knits
This top is simple but super cute and comfortable. the bow in the back adds a feminine touch and it fits well (no gaping arm holes and not too tight or too loose). the white color is slightly see-through but not enough to wear a cami with my neutral racer-back bra. the xs fit me perfectly. for reference, i'm 5'6", small busted and 125 lbs.	Knits
Very cute top. i ordered the white & it is thin so you might want to wear a cami with it. will look very cute with jeans, shorts or skirts. love the back! wish it came in more colors - would definitely order it in black.	Knits
This top is perfect! i love the fit and the length and the weight of the fabric! it is thin without being sheer. i just wish there were other fun colors...	Knits
This is the perfect little shirt when you want more than an ordinary t-shirt. the pattern on the back panel adds a nice little extra touch. the blue tone is very rich looking, and could be dressed up or down.	Knits
Not flattering and not the color it appears online. this is really a pink shirt.	Knits
I love this shirt! it's such a beautiful striking color, yet still simple enough to not take the spotlight. the peekaboo shoulders are totally cute. i bought another one of these when it went on sale. so now i have two just in case;) haha	Knits
The design and quality are fantastic!i had to order a little larger because of my bust and shoulders - it's still flattering though. can be dressed up or casual. i wish it came in more colors!	Dresses
I was a bit apprehensive about buying the top, after reading the reviews. surprisingly, i love the shirt! it's very feminine; soft; light for the hot months; and, figure flattering.	Knits
Just got this top and i love it! it's color is more saturated in person, which i like. more of a pinky-purple. very sweet and feminine. i still have a bit of a "mommy tummy" and the style hides that pretty well. it's very soft and comfortable as well. overall, happy with this top :)	Knits
I am not sure why the first reviewed hated this dress so much. i personally like that it looks a tad retro. length is shorter, but not mini or too short. i ordered the xxs p and it looked ok on me (and i am older). the colors are fun and appropriate for fall, or winter, the sparkle (golden thread) can bring this dress into the holiday season (and beyond). i love the turtleneck part, only thing is it is really high, and the embroidery gets a little lost in it (top of the design) feel is thick, no	Dresses
Great very flattering bohemian dress! and it's silk!	Dresses
I really love this top. it looks so sweet and beautiful and is perfect for dressing up a pair of jeans. if you are on the short size it may be a little long so keep that in mind. i love it!	Knits
I ordered this top based on the photos. this looked unique and beautiful, plus i've loved past designs by this brand. i thought this would be nice for summer. there isn't a straight-on view of the front of the top for a reason. the model is turned to the side and there is one black flower that stands out below her chest, away from the border of the rest of the flowers. the flower looks kind of like a bee. i believe she is either wearing a size larger or pulling down the top to mask the problem.	Knits
I so wanted to love this dress, but the bell sleeves were enormous! if you're standing completely still with your arms down they look cool, but if you move your arms at all it looks like you have wings. the rest of the dress was beautiful, though, and a flattering swingy shape even on an hourglass/pear shaped figure. i would recommend sizing down, as the dress runs large.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. however, it should be noted that there is a gold threading detail throughout the dress, which is not pictured. the dress appears to be a solid cream print in the pics but in person it has gold and cream. i sized up bc i didn't want it to be too fitted, i'm between a 6 snd 8 so i went w medium. it fits will but slightly big. i'd say tts though.	Dresses
I have always bought interesting, pretty, wearable dresses for my daughters at retailer. now the dresses are just retro funky. sad to see.	Dresses
I kept this top, only because i needed a plain black tank, but there is nothing special about it. i found it a bit large and thin cheap material.	Knits
This is really a lovely top, but the color online is not quite what the color actually is in person. this was a find in my store today and it is a little more lilac than the picture shows. the cut is extremely flattering and the fabric is very soft as is the case with most one september items. the one recommendation that i have for this is that because the main fabric is a soft knit, the proper undergarments are really needed. i tried it with a lace bra and you could see a lot the details of the	Knits
Beautiful pink top. comfortable, love the color and print , style and sleeves. good quality. didn't have the issues with the placement of the bees over my breasts that other reviewers did. the bees were at the sides of my breasts. covered my butt for the most part in jeans. flattering cut. i got an xs (5'2", 34b, 115#).	Knits
I read the previous reviews, but decided to try it out since retailer was having 40% off sale items.it looks very flattering on me, and great fit for my body type.i would recommend.	Knits
Love the color of this dress, however found it a little boxy, and the arms are too tight. i ordered up a size ( m) which is probably why it is boxy and i can hardly get it over my arm, i am very athletic. probably should have sent it back.	Dresses
I spend a lot of time on the retailer website. it never occurred to me to try this dress. a salesperson suggested it in the store and i tried it on. it is really cute on. i bought a thrift store denim jacket to throw over it. the only con is the sleeves. i am 5'3' and my arms are not very long. the bell sleeves are a little crazy on me, but they will be hidden under the jacket.	Dresses
What a pity! this blouse has a beautiful design, however it doesn't fit well on the body. it's not really a size problem, it's just not a well fitted blouse. the color is very deceptive, it looks white on the picture, but it's actually pink. i'm probably going to return it.	Knits
Saw this in the greenville, sc store, and it caught my eye. i ordered a petite a week later, and i adore it. nice embroidery. a little sparkle. the sleeves are voluminous, but it makes me feel sassy.	Dresses
Soft and unique. love the sleeves. my usual size medium fits perfectly. per the other reviewer, i guess my bust is large enough for the flowers to be on the side and not directly on breasts! my only wish is that it has some embroidery on it....love!!	Knits
This top has a bit of a retro flare but so adorable on. looks really cute with a pair of faded boot cut jeans.	Knits
Love this dress. from the great fabric (soft yet substantial) that's similar to sweater material, to the amazing detail of the flower design (it's really so unique and i mean that in a good way!), to the color (a tan with gold flecking), and lastly to the really flattering fit, not to mention those retro bell sleeves! all around a fun dress! it was true to size and not too short, hitting my 5'4" height about 2" above my knees.	Dresses
This top is a mix of materials - a silk and more of a t shirt material. i purchased for dressier wear but the material makes it more casual. i like the sale price so i'm keeping! size down, runs a tad loose.	Knits
I'm an xl in retailer tops, and the xl fit as expected in this blouse. however, the elastic cinched in such a way under my bust that it did not look flattering. the cut in the sleeves hang open too much for me and makes it more of a costume. i also had issues that the chiffon type sleeves did not match the color of the knit fabric used in the rest of the blouse. the blouse is a good quality, but there were too many other issues for me to keep it.	Knits
I bought this dress during the retailer weekend and i'm so happy i did! this is a very well-made, well-designed dress that is quite figure flattering. the marriage of artsy and colorful on a neutral background makes sense and the combination of colors and the style of the dress work well together. the wearer will definitely have several options for footwear pairings. this dress is as fun and playful as it is classy. i can't wait for an occasion to wear this dress!	Dresses
O.k. i soo wanted to love this dress. if you are slim and small chested it is true to size and lovely. i am slim and tall 5'9 but am large chested. a 36d i usually wear an 8/10 so bought a 10. it was too tight around my chest and back. so i went up a size to a 12. it was better but not exactly comfortable. i could get away with it but for the price had to send it back. the idea of going up another size yet again was a thought but i worried it wouldn't solve my issue.	Dresses
Ugh, i was so disappointed with this shirt. i was so excited when i saw it online and thought it would be a perfect summer shirt with the light colors and the flower print. unfortunately it falls flat and i understand now why they don't have a straight on photo of the shirt, its very plain and lays very unflatteringly. it's definitely missing something in the front. i typically wear a small to an extra small and i ordered this in an extra small and would have needed an xxs if i hadn't returned i	Knits
It doesn't work with me only because i have very skinny arm. i can not handle the arm part of the dress. it is still very pretty though. i would keep it if i fit the arm :(	Dresses
This t fits perfect and looks great with just about anything. my only concern is the fabric is super light. not enough to be see through, but just enough to make me question the quality. i like it and i have worn it a couple of times now with no issues though. the drape is nice and not super revealing; discreet enough for work. i ordered the white and if it holds up i will certainly order another color because it is very versatile.	Knits
The print doesn't necessarily works for everybody.	Knits
I ordered this in blue, and loved the color. i'm not typically into the flowing top style, but i tried a few items on my last order, this being one. it's unseamed at the bottom, which was my primary reason for returning it - i couldn't see that in the photo online - but if that is your style, this item is good quality, soft, comfortable material, and a great spring or fall blue.	Knits
The fit and style of this dress are beautiful. it's a bouncy fabric that is light and comfortable. i really wanted to love it, but the color just didn't work for me. the pictures make it look like it's a nice cream color, but it's very tan and i can't pull it off with my coloring.	Dresses
I really like this top. for reference, i am usually an xs or s in retailer tops since many of them run large, however, in this top i ordered a size m and it fit nicely. in any brand other than retailer, my usual size is m as i am 36d bust, 132 lbs., 5"5.	Knits
This top is a little big but i sized down and liked it a lot. can be casual or can dress it up with a statement necklace. perfect fall shirt	Knits
I love this dress! i have an hour glass figure and the dress is very flattering on me. i didn't encounter a problem with the colors or pattern as others have stated.	Dresses
I like to wear swing tops because they are comfortable, not confining. this is definitely true for this top- i have an xs and it is quite spacious and boxy shaped. this is a simple cotton shirt but the ruffle adds a nice detail, and without being too much ruffle either. great to throw on with jeans!	Knits
Got this for my wife for christmas and she is very happy with it. the size is perfect for her and she regularly orders things as a medium from this store.	Dresses
Really liked the fan pattern and the cut was cute and flattering. but the material is thin and all the edges are not finished and look frayed making the shirt look and feel cheap. would have kept if thicker material and the edges were finished. not worth full price	Knits
This fabric is the same as the turtleneck swing dress by maeve. it's lightweight and stretchy. the problem with this particular dress is the pattern in the fabric will be a little different on each dress depending on how the pattern was cut when it was made. i had to try on 5 different dresses to find one that was cut so the pattern looked and fell in the right spots when wearing the dress. hence 4 stars. the bodice is lined but the skirt itself is not. it is not see through. i'm 5'4" and 120#.	Dresses
I also agree with the other reviewers that it's important to try on a couple due to pattern differences. this dress has a beige base- the photo is a little misleading. i ended up returning it because the colors didn't do much for me, i think they look great on the model but that's because the beige doesn't blend into her at all. i also think it's a little overpriced for what the dress is- a great summer day dress.	Dresses
I wish i could buy this is more colors! so easy to dress up or dress down	Knits
The colors on this aren't as vibrant as i hoped. love the cutouts on the arms though. great 4 season dress!	Dresses
Love this dress!!! must try on to see how cute is really is.	Dresses
It is a pretty dress but not what i had hoped for (i ordered it online.) i like slits on sleeves but the dress doesn't fit me well, so i plan to return it.p.s. it has pockets! :-)	Dresses
Looks great! it is more off white/tan then white though	Dresses
I loved the idea of this dress, but i find that it isn't very flattering. i think the arm holes are actually very interesting, but i'm 5'5 and 135lbs, and the dress made me look fat and gave me no shape at all. maybe it would look better on a different body type.the material is soft, but a bit stuffy and i could tell it would give me crazy static in my hair.	Dresses
I just loved this online and love it in person. so feminine and delicate. just perfect for summer get togethers.	Dresses
I wore this dress yesterday for the first time and got several compliments. its unique and super-pretty in person. it hides flaws well and the material is nice. i must have bigger arms than the model because you can barely tell from the picture what the arm slits look like. i don't mind the way they look, but..the way the piece of fabric there grazed on my arms all day kept making me feel like my bra strap had fallen down. speaking of bra straps, the neckline is wide and i felt like i kept havin	Dresses
I bought this to celebrate my birthday! i get a new "suit" every year. it was a milestone birthday and this dress did not disappoint.	Dresses
I got this dress and think it's just great. it's a bit formal, but a bit whimsical at the same time. i really disagree with others said about the opening along the arms. i think they are barely noticeable but are nice surprise. this is a perfect california winter dress. i could see how a woman in colder parts of the country might not appreciate the slits on the arms but i think it's nice to show a little skin in a conservative way. i plan to wear it to a classical music concert soon. and i got i	Dresses
Fits perfect. i'm 5'3 and the size 2 regular fit perfect. not too long it too short, just perfect.	Dresses
I loved this dress and i really loved it more after i bought it on sale. i am 5'3 100lbs and the only thing that bothers me is that the arm of it are somewhat tight when i reach out to get something. other wise the dress is great and get a lot of compliments on it. i paired it with black nylons and black plain leather booties and it looked great!	Dresses
Love the pattern of this tunic. it's comfy and unique.	Dresses
Bought this dress to wear to work. love it! great buy	Dresses
This is exactly as pictured, and fits as it does on the model in the last picture. my only hang-up is that it's a little pricey for a t-shirt, the fabric is standard t-shirt material, not stiff but also not super soft which i was hoping for. my hubby had no idea what the pattern was til i pointed it out :)	Knits
I love this dress! it is a very casual and loose fit, which makes it super comfortable. i highly recommend it since it is versatile for fall and spring and can be styled quite a few ways.	Dresses
I purchased this tee in the blue and it is so very cute. its such a soft thin tee and a delight to wear on these hot summer days. i went with xs on this one and i still have plenty of room.. i have paired it with jean shorts, capris and it goes really well with the pilcro hypen chino shorts.	Knits
I bought this tee for the cute print. otherwise, this tee is nothing special. i usually wear an xs, but bought an xxs, based on how loose the tee looks on the model. it's pretty thin and more like a slub cotton. i think i will hand wash it, just in case.	Knits
I wasn't sure about this dress when i ordered it online, but thought i would give it a try. i am 5'2" (ordered an xs) and thought i may be too short to pull something like this off, and that it might look like a moo-moo or maternity dress on me. but, i absolutely love it! my husband does too...very sexy and low-key. i wore it for the first time today and received 5 compliments within an hour! this is going to be one of my favorites!	Dresses
I ordered an xsp online, which is my usual size, and it fit perfectly. it's that unique and cute kinda piece you expect from retailer. if you're going to wear a t-shirt, might as well still have a little detail and style.	Knits
I ordered the xl in the blue version and the fit is true to size. it matches the model's photos. the material is very thin. definitely need a tank/cami underneath. the pattern is adorable. the colors are much brighter in person. it's such a fun tee for summer. i just wish they hadn't sewn the sleeves in the various places. it's a little awkward. it shrank while washing & air-drying so it needed to be reshaped. if you get it and it's running a bit big, washing it will help with the fit. i like pa	Knits
I wanted something for the hot summers here, and this fits the ticket. very lightweight and airy. it's somewhat of a strange design, short in the front, hitting an inch or two above the knee, but the back is unusually long. the lining is awkward, and kind of tight and difficult to get into. the material is very thin, and although i haven't noticed any strings or unraveling like other reviewers, it's not the highest quality. overall the dress is nice and lightweight, but not the greatest quality	Dresses
I tried this on in the store and it fit like a tent on me. it doesn't help that i'm 5'1" and the store didn't have the petite sizes. maybe on a teller person it would work better. or maybe if i had been able to try the petite size it would have more wearable. it is a comfy style and the natural fiber is a plus. i have another holding horses dress that i love which also runs large. i did not mark this as "runs large" because the sleeves are more true to size while the bodice is very billowy. i wo	Dresses
Got for a mother day gift. think she will like it because she always at the beach and is very happy go lucky new mother.	Knits
I need t-shirts, these seem cute. a small runs loose, but it's comfortable and it does fit. i am turned off by the little side slits on all of this brand's printed tees. if i want to do a partial tuck to give myself a waist, because these shirts are cut generously, the little slits just throw the whole look off. i tried a few in the store, but left them all there.	Knits
I thought the colors would be brighter and i didn't realize the lace would be see through. i returned it because it was also shorter that i expected. but overall it was a nice dress, just not for me.	Dresses
Omg so i never pay full price for a t-shirt because it's just a t-shirt but there are exceptions for every rule. i can't believe i am saying this but this shirt was worth it! it is true to size (a relaxed fit) so if you are in between sizes, you could comfortably size down. the colors are just so darling. love this. not disappointed.	Knits
Other reviews are right, it is a little short in front. but it's such an adorable dress that i don't care! i love the material. super soft.	Dresses
I love this top, the beachy print is very cute. my only complaint is that it does run large, it is definitely not a fitted t-shirt; and bought the medium and it's a little baggy on me. i'm hoping that a wash and dry will shrink it up a bit. if not, that's okay, still very cute.	Knits
Flowy, comfy plaid dress perfect for the fall or winter. front is much shorter than the back - at 5'8" the front is nearly too short on me, but works with a pair of tights. dress has a cami slip underneath, which is needed as the blue detailing across the chest and down the center is sheer, adding to how special the dress is. can be made more or less casual based on accessories and footwear!	Dresses
I just think this dress is so cute! i love it with booties! here are the fit details: i'm 5'4 1/2" and the front of the dress hits just above my knees. (i was concerned that it would be too short for my lifestyle based on the photo). the sleeves roll up and have a tab to button, however the button is very low. therefore, the sleeve rolls up not mid arm, but actually about three inches above my wrist! (it's still super cute, just nowhere near my elbow. just letting you know).final detail that	Dresses
I really wasn't sure if this dress would work for me, so i was very excited when i fell in love with it! i haven't experienced any quality or tearing issues with it as one reviewer noted, thank goodness! i love the color scheme and versatility of this dress. i have worn it with tights, a belt and short-heeled ankle booties to make it a little more dressy. but i most love it with some funky jewelry and leggings, wearing it more tunic style. the slip underneath is a great feature as well! it does	Dresses
I had to call so many stores to track this shirt down and in the end it wasn't worth it. i got an xs and it was quite baggy. i never buy petite shirts because i feel like they are too short but in this case i think the shirt would have been perfect in whatever the smallest petite size is. for someone who's bigger i'd definitely check this shirt out.	Knits
The fabric on this tee is a very very soft thin cotton knit. it's perfect for those hot, muggy summers esp. in the southern area of the us. the sizing runs larger. i am normally an xl and because of the other reviews saying it ran big, i got this in a l. and, it fits me fine, and there's room to spare. so, if you are a size 16 or 18, this will fit in a l nicely.it's thin but i don't think it's immodest or too sheer. a white or beige bra would not show through this easily at all. the leng	Knits
This dress is so pretty on! i almost didn't try it on because on the hanger it didn't look like it would have any shape. well, it is super drapey and flowy, and it looks great on, almost swing style. it is doubled up on fabric, and with the longer sleeves i was scared it would make me too hot, but the fabric is light and breathable, it will be a perfect transitional dress for fall and early spring. fyi, the eyelet strip on the front and back are see through, didn't realize that the first time i	Dresses
The colors and fabric on this dress are really pretty. the lace is a soft blue instead of white. i have other dresses like this from this brand and really wanted to keep it, but it runs larger than the others i have. also, it doesn't have pockets. if it fits you properly, i think you will love it!	Dresses
I bought the white with the colorful stripes. i am not disappointed. the sleeves are rolled and tacked. it seems to run a little big in the torso. all in all, a great summer tee.	Knits
This was just not flattering for me--looked too much like a maternity dress. i can't really do a belted waist so perhaps that would make this dress more versatile for someone else. i was sorry to have to return because it goes well with sandals and boots!	Dresses
I thought this was a pretty and unique top. the material looks and feels like a basic t-shirt made into a striking fitted top. this isn't apparent in the online pictures: the side seams are slitted open nearly up to the waist, so it is a bit revealing. my only problem with this shirt was that the bottom part flared out too much away from my body, and there is a lot of material there, so i wasn't sure if i could get it tailored to look good on me.	Knits
After a long wait for this dress to come in. i finally received it! the wait was worth it!the colors and pattern are just like they are online. the length comes right to to the top of my knees...i am 5'7". a couple of things to note: the sleeves are narrow,. if you have skinny arms, no problem. the fit across the bust is snug enough that if you have a large bust, there will probably be a gap at the buttons. there are gathers at the shoulder giving the sleeve a slight puffed shoulder. if you	Dresses
I'm so disappointed. the dress looked lovely in the box, but when i started to unbutton it to try it on, two buttons split in half! it's going right back.	Dresses
The peplum for this time hit me in the middle of my rib cage, not at my natural waist, so it looked very odd when it flared out with the peplum so high up. i am busty so it's possible this would not be the case for everyone but i generally can wear peplum tops with no problem. i was disappointed to return it, the fabric was very nice and the concept behind the shirt was a good one.	Knits
I ordered this dress in a size 8, my normal size at retailer. it is a lovely dress and so feminine, but it is incorrectly sized. i couldn't begin to button it. i reordered it in size 12 if that tells you anything. buyer beware. unless you are itsy bitsy, you need to size up. i will say that as pretty as the photos are, the dress is even more lovely in person.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress but it was not right for me.  made my curvy body look shapeless. also had a button crack before i even put it on. returned it.	Dresses
This dress is indeed so lovely in person. i am so glad i ordered 2 sizes (0p and 2p) based on the straighter-looking cut. i am 115 lbs, 5'1.5", adn 30dd bra size. verdict, the 2p fit better. why, the cehst area is a little snug and hte buttons kept trying to open (and did# i would have ahd to leave it pen and wear a tank under this dress... not an option with such a unique piece.other things: color: wow, very nice in person, i was afraid that the colr would wash me out, but no, i have very p	Dresses
I would wear this everyday if i could. the red color is so rich and the cut and structure of the top is perfect and flattering. i've worn to work, out, or dressed down with jeans and flip flops.	Knits
This dress is beautiful. it was on back order and i waited about three weeks to receive it. i usually wear a size 8 in retailer but because it was a button down dress, i ordered a size 10. the bottom is a great fit but the top is difficult to button. it is a heavier weight so i feel it is better for the spring than the summer season.	Dresses
I love this shirt! it is classic and elegant. it is versatile and can go with lots of different things. be mindful, it is see-through so you must wear a tank underneath. i got it in white and it can be dressed up or down. i like how the sleeves are slightly longer than your average shirt. definitely recommend.	Knits
I'm 5'5" and i think fairly proportioned (120 lbs, 34b) and the peplum hit well above my waist. since having kids i'm a little obsessive about avoiding any shirt that could double as maternity... and this struck me as one. it's a cute too, but once it's on i don't feel it's very flattering.	Knits
This is a gorgeous dress, but i did title my review "worth the trouble" because of the buttons which a few other people mentioned. i ordered this from the website and when i tried it on at home, a button snapped right in half. my mother put on all new buttons that were stronger but look exactly the same. of course, i shouldn't have to do that to be able to wear the dress, but i love eyelet and was willing. the new buttons cost about $2.00 so not a big deal in the end. i agree with another revi	Dresses
Absolutely adore this dress. details, fabric and deep pockets. here is the caveat at least for me. i am a typical size 6 and ordered the dress in a size 8 for a little looser, casual fit. the 8 is so small i can barely place over my shoulders and cannot button. i have reordered a size 12 and 14. perhaps the dress i received is not tagged properly. so disappointed as the item is on backorder.	Dresses
This top is the very same top meadow rue had a couple of years ago. i have that top and it is identical so my guess is meadow rue and deletta are owned by the same company.	Knits
I was looking for a dress that would make me feel as special as i would feel when i attend my daughter's baby shower. this design, featuring a variety of spring influenced flower motifs embossed upon an eyelet fabric, was exactly what my mind's eye envisioned! the use of the solid colored shirtdress button line and cuffs softly pulled all the elements of this unique work beautifully together. i found the fit to be almost costumed made for my figure. the number of compliments i received on the da	Dresses
My main complaint, is that the button holes are too tight for such delicate buttons. one button shattered when i tried to get it undone, and what's even more crazy, is that mine did not come with any extras. so i guess i'll have to go to the fabric store to find a match. (i'll be sure to get a bunch just in case) a couple of minor notes; it smells like chemicals, and i won't be able to wear a bra, because the chest is a tad tight. however, the dress is cute enough, that i'll deem it worthy to we	Dresses
I saw this dress online, and i thought it was perfectly cute! however, once i tried it on at home, it just didn't work. one of the buttons broke in half as i tried unbuttoning, and once i got it on, the dress was so small that the cuffs cut off circulation to my forearm. (i'm 5'7'' and ~126 lbs and purchased in size 2). i didn't even try buttoning all the way. i took it back, and i don't even think i want a larger size. the buttons are just too fragile.	Dresses
The cotton, the print, and the online presentation of this dress are beautiful, i ordered right away! but there are some discrepancies. the shoulders have a "puff" to them that i don't notice on the model, and that doesn't flatter athletic shoulders. the buttons are (cheap) difficult to button. the waist sits much lower on the model than it must on anyone else, it's nearly empire on me. and, there is a lot more volume in the skirt of the dress than is shown in any photo. because the dress is tig	Dresses
This is a lovely dress. it is on the heavy side and lined, so i would not recommend for hot summer wear. but the material and style are adorable. the skirt is definitely a-line, not sheath, but i prefer that. it runs a tad too tight in the chest, so if you're between sizes in the bust, i'd order up. that said, a 6 would be too big for me. i'm 5'4, 120 lbs and 34c and usually wear a 4.	Dresses
While i agree with the previous review that the peplum hits a bit high, i like this top. it has other features that i really like. the dip in the back of the peplum is great and i love the longer sleeves. i have it in both the black and the mauve and they are becoming quick staples in my wardrobe. i have a fuller figure and feel good in this top.	Knits
Although beautiful colors this eyelet dress is quite heavy and the buttons have no give- one of them literally cracked when i tried to unbutton it. unbuttoning it was difficult due to the tight weave. it just misses the mark and will be going back.	Dresses
This top is great for those days when you have nothing to wear. just throw this on and get ready for the compliments!	Knits
I am 5'4 and 120 lbs and ordered a size 0. the dress fit perfectly in the shoulders and arms and below the waist, but i could barely fit my 32a size chest in the dress! the other reviewers are not kidding about the chest area being very narrow. i have had to order a size 2 instead. we'll see if that works.	Dresses
I wanted to love this blouse, but the peplum came too high up on my waist. i have a short torso and i'm busty, so the placement of the peplum just didn't work for me. it is a very pretty color and fit fine in my normal size, but the peplum just didn't work on my short torso. i think this would be a very pretty blouse for people with a different body type than mine.	Knits
Really like this dress but.....the dress is lined in a heavy fabric and weighs a lot for a summer dressworst of all there is no chance at all of getting the buttons through the button holes.impossible!has to go back	Dresses
I loved this dress the moment i saw it, pre-ordered it, but when it arrived the fit was off. i am almost always a size 4p in retailer clothing, this fit wonderfully everywhere, except the shoulders and chest were very small. i am 5'2" and 120 lb with a small bosom. (a cup) the shoulders were too tight and the chest gaped and sadly i had to return this dress.i may try to find it in the store to try on multiple sizes for the right fit.	Dresses
This is a cute dress, but the buttons are tiny and the top one cracked in half before i could even put the dress on. i can't risk the buttons breaking off while i am wearing it. especially since the dress seems designed for an a cup, anything larger will be more than those little fragile buttons can handle.	Dresses
I love this dress and had so hoped to wear it to a wedding in june. the fabric is a perfect weight, very nice cotton, i only wish i could have kept it. i am 5'3", 133 lbs and usually wear a size 6 which is what i ordered. it was fine in the skirt but the top was at least a size if not two sizes too small for 32 chest. i did not want to wear it open with a tee and so had to send it back. the wedding date does not allow for the new available date for the dress.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. sadly, the styling was wrong. the stripes on the bottom half did not line up with the top and the pleats didn't help. it just threw everything off and made me look distorted.	Dresses
Beautiful! color is true to pictures. no stretch. no liner. looks good with white or nude tank.	Knits
This dress is unique and lovely! it is a one of a kind dress. i found it to be true to size. the only downside is the quality of the buttons.	Dresses
I'm keeping this dress but it's going straight to the dry cleaner because right out of the bag it has a very strong chemical smell... like it had been stored in a gas station. then, i'm replacing all the buttons. the fabric is a thick eyelet, folded over with these teeny, thin shell buttons that are a complete design fail. two were broken right out of the package. also, i'm a size 0 in most retailer dresses and this dress has plenty of room in the waist, almost too much space, but the top... i hav	Dresses
This is a very comfortable dress. i absolutely love the design, the feel (structured and has weight), and the 3/4 sleeves. perfect dress for brunch and work. the fit is not giving in the chest area. i needed to go up a size due to the inflexibility of the material; even tried it without a bra.... nope, wasn't a happening. i ordered a size up and love it!the only con are the buttons. they are very thin and not a good choice for the heavy fabric. broke one in the fitting room!	Dresses
Love this timeless piece, but it was a bit looser fitting than i expected. i consistently wear xs, so i had an idea of how i thought it would fit. i still kept it though, because you can dress it up or down and it will never go out of style!	Knits
I loved this dress and i am usually a 2 or 4 in dresses. this was cut too small on the bust. i'm a 32c and it pulled at the chest. i didn't re-order it because i felt it would look more like a house dress and be too baggy in the hips.	Dresses
This dress has a flattering and fitted cut which perfectly compliments the unique eyelet fabric. it is at once elegant yet casual, perfect for the office or better yet, afternoon tea in a far flung british colony of yesteryear. which brings me to the buttons - putting on this dress makes one wish one had a ladies maid, but the effort is well worth it for this stunner of a dress. as others have said, it runs small and tight in the chest and is not for the well endowed. i am a petite 5'2" and fit	Dresses
This is a wonderful top! the fabric is soft and comfortable, with a beautiful drape. the pattern is very pretty, the curved hems are very flattering, and the top is versatile. it can be worn with shorts, as shown, or a skirt with a belt or pants. i have pilcro wide leg pants in orange, yellow and green, and this top looked amazing with all of them. a great little find!	Knits
Love this tank, i am petite and this was the perfect length for me, i wore it with white jeans and a blazer. love the print!	Knits
Super cute and comfortable! soft fabric drapes nicely. i wear this with an orange skirt, white shirts or jeans. i get lots of compliments on this top and get more use out of it than expected! i'm so glad i tried it on! a nice surprise.	Knits
Beautiful dress! beautiful color and design. as the other reviewer says, it has an expose good quality gold color zipper on the back that doesn't show in the picture, however, it adds to its style and beauty! i love the dress and so happy that found it in my size finally!	Dresses
So pretty and flattering. it's my new favorite blouse. it's also really comfortable. i do not tuck this one in. i love the knit material makes it extra comfy and breathable. the colors are very pretty and wearable. the quality and cratsmanship are impressive. it has a straight bottom hem and slight boxy cut which i like. i am 5'3" and weight 126 lbs. i ordered the small , but i was going go a slightly bigger comfy fit. i couldn't be happier with this purchase.	Knits
Love this top. got xs fits perfectly. wish it came in more designs	Knits
Tried this on to see if the size works in regular size, and i love the fir, it si very feminine and flattering. i will have to go back for it. both apttenrs are really nice, and it also comes in balck in my store.neckline is super flattering.	Knits
I ordered this top in xl in the navy print. it fits true to size. it's made of two very soft materials. the printed part looks like sailboats to me. it doesn't wrinkle or have a static problem. the solid knit portion is a good quality too. i love the styling details of the ruffled neck and the middle pleat. it's flattering. i like how the details make this a dressy version of a t-shirt while being very comfortable too.	Knits
I will find myself reaching for this top time and time again	Knits
Great cut and high quality fabric. the top gives you a nice hourglass shape and i love the way it hangs half-way down your butt.	Knits
I purchased the blue one - it's a very brilliant royal blue. nice color. the patterned portion is quite heavy, which provides a nice drape. hangs really well without being clingy or too loose. great top for jeans.	Knits
I got the purple version in a xs. i purchased it on sale so it was a great deal. i usually don't wear large prints but i loved the print and the ruffle detail. very feminine. it also hides the tummy roll, so that is always a plus! i've worn it a few times and threads are already unraveling, but easy fix.	Knits
This is a cute top and i did not even need my usual petite size thanks to the 3/4 length sleeves. i liked the semi-abstract sailboat pattern and the style is comfortable to wear. however, the tie at the neckline didn't appeal to me so ultimately i did not buy it.	Knits
This must be the only structured t shirt at retailer at the time of this review. i love it. the neckline is perfection. the ruched sleeves are long enough to cover my upper arms. i found it a bit see through, and added a white cami.sizing: i ordered an xs. normally i wear a small in retailer brands, and a med in most other brands. size small t's have been too large lately. i'm 5'5" tall, 135 lbs, 35-29-36, 34d, long torso, narrow across the shoulders, and short arms. fit: loose fitting t's l	Knits
An adorable tank...wearing it right now!fits this curvy girl well, though may consider wearing a tank underneath, as the keyhole does show a bit of cleavage.if in between sizes, consider sizing down.perfect print for summer.	Knits
I put on this t-shirt and my husband said it makes you look old. he was right. i'm not sure if it's the cut or the pattern but i found it completely unflattering on my petite frame and it looked cheap too. perhaps on someone else it would look different. the pattern is overwhelming and the sleeps are a bit too look and ruched for my liking. it may look better on someone taller.	Knits
I bought this top in lavender. this top is light and smooth on your body and true to size. i'm 5'4", 34dd, 150 lbs- m fits well. it hides the imperfections in the tummy area and i find myself going for this top a lot. it's a very easy to put on and take to it off.	Knits
Love the print and comfort of this tank, however, it does run about 2 sizes larger than normal. it is also not a fitted tank, it has some flow which is not exactly what i was looking for.	Knits
Since there isn't one where i live, i ran into retailer while waiting for my daughter to pick me up. saw this and bought it off the rack w/out trying on. had to get a m as they were out of s, and yes, it's a tad large on me, but still glad i got it. i think it will be a nice transition piece into fall in hot texas. love how the linen drapes and it makes me feel a bit more dressed up than a cotton tee. the ruching on the sleeves is an extra nice touch.	Knits
I tried this on in the store on a whim. it is so flattering, soft, and pretty. i generally wear a size 12 and bought a l although the m might have fit, also: it's got plenty of room. the chiffon yoke is not particularly sheer and a nude bra strap is basically invisible, the jersey is adequately opaque so no camisole needed. my dimensions are about 40" bust x 33" waist.	Knits
I purchased the blue version in store. it's a nice royal blue, not navy. (although the it could be worn with navy.) i thought the fit was flattering. the middle piece (pleat?) is less obvious on the blue than the purple. the tie at the neck can be untied and it is still not too low cut.	Knits
Great causal tank! the back is a bitter longer than the front - i'm 5'6" and the back-model shot was right on for where it his me at the hip/butt. the material is a poly/spandex/rayon mix that feels predominately like polyester and rayon and has a little bit of give. i go between a medium and small in most retailer tanks and like to achieve a look that is somewhere in between form-fitting and flowy (quick stats - 130 lbs, 34c) and the small was perfect without being too tight across the chest.	Knits
I can't wait for our warmer weather to arrive here in minnesota so i can wear this lovely tank top. the style is so flattering, it doesn't bag out to make you look pregnant. the back yoke is solid navy blue chiffon which is a nice touch. soft fabric, drapes beautifully. the armholes are not oversized. the fabric is opaque so no camisole required.i am 5'5" and 120 lbs. and 36a. i purchased size small.	Knits
I ordered this online and was surprised to see yellow in the pattern when it arrived. i can't see that in the online photo. i didn't like the pattern at all when i saw it for real. the shirt is very loose, fits much like the model photo (i ordered a small, 5'6 140lbs). just looks kind of frumpy and the pleat down the front makes the front hang heavily.	Knits
The fabric is a nice weight knit and the top generally well made. unfortunately, the fit was enormous. i've an athletic build w/ big boobs & normally wear l in retailer tops.	Knits
This is a beautiful color and nice heavier fabric. love the style. armholes not too big. the body is loose fitting at torso but chest area is fitted at 36 c size small . i love this top with skinny jeans or pencil skirt as shown on model. top looks just like it does on model as far as fit.	Knits
Fabric is so comfy! color is gorgeous! fit is flattering for large chests.	Knits
This top is an amazing go to piece, and yes i have all the colors i could grab my hands onto. i will say, that under the arms small little balls of fabric begin to appear with wear. therefore, it will need a quick once over with your sweater shaver from time to time. good staple for a great price.	Knits
The fabric is lovely, color was great, but unfortunately it ran a bit large. this might be a case of girls with boobs vs. girls without. i have a small chest so for me, this just didn't stay in place. i was worried about the arms squeezing me so i got a small rather than my usual xs. bad choice. the diamond in the middle pooches out rather than hugging your body (which was what i was hoping for). when i raise my arms the whole shirt ends up riding up. pretty awkward. there's also a lot of fabric	Knits
I thought this top was absolutely beautiful online, and it doesn't disappoint in person. the fabric is divine, and i just love the paisley design. after putting it on though, it did look just a tad boxy, but not enough to return it. i would definitely recommend the top, and maybe a cute belt to accompany!	Knits
I really like this top. i am usually a medium in retailer clothing and so i ordered this in medium. it did not fit right across my chest, the empire part cut right across my breast and not underneath like it is supposed to. i returned the top for a large and it fits just right in that area. other than that this top is light and airy, flowy and pretty. i love it!	Knits
Lovely silky top (100% poly). i typically look better in more cool tones. this top is neutral enough that i could pull it off. it really has three very pretty, complimentary patterned fabrics. the front v is very deep and the arm holes are quite roomy so either size down or plan on wearing a cami to conceal cleavage and bra.	Knits
I had a hard time deciding to order red or turquoise, as both colors are really nice in person. the black, of course, is a classic. another reviewer found the top to be small, but i found it to be a little big on me in my usual size. not too bad, but a little bigger than expected.teh neck part is effortless as there is stiching to help the colw effect stay in place. the fabric is thin though, so may show things (thinking bra ripples, and perhaps some other ripples in front tummmy). keeping it	Knits
I like the fabric and aesthetic of this top, and really wanted to like it, however i wish it were longer. i am a size small or med in all retailer clothes, but even the medium felt short and clingy. however that might be because i'm curvy with a long torso, so i'd definitely recommend trying this on rather than buying online!	Knits
True to sizeneckline is not too low so it's great for workgot the red and it's a lush deep colorquite happy with this purchae	Knits
The pattern and colors are very pretty, and the material is soft and silky. i returned it, though, because it is very low-cut in the front. it comes down to between my breasts, which is not going to work for me.	Knits
I am pleased with this modal cowl neck top; it is a very basic but is a nice addition to my wardrobe. the cowl is just right-not overly 'chunky' or awkward; it drapes nicely and lies flat against my chest. this blouse 'softens' the face-just what i was looking for-i needed a soft-looking black tee to go with a skirt i have and wanted a bit 'more' than a basic tee but nothing overly frilly or ruffled. this blouse filled the bill quite nicely. it is a very soft modal fabric and fits tts. i am 5'5"	Knits
Like the idea but the tee was was very boxy. i tried the size small and it fit at the shoulders but the body was very big. i would say they pinned it for the product photo:)i'm 34a...usually a size small. it was soft and fun but a no for me at this price.	Knits
Wasn't sure what to expect - but got this on sale, and glad i did.it is much prettier in person. soft and silky.great fit also - and versatile (mix and match)	Knits
Online this top looks fabulous, but in person, not so great. great color, nice quality for a lightweight top, but when i tried it on, the neck does not lay nicely. too much sloppy wrinkled material just hanging awkwardly around the neck ( and i love cowl neck). i found, for me, it dipped very low showing cleavage and i have a large chest, so didn't work. for reference, i'm 5'4 118 and usually wear a small in retailer tops because it seems the majority of their clothes run large. i purchased a smal	Knits
This is a lovely dress, the shape is really flattering and it's light and easy to wear. the only problem i have is it runs a little big - i'm normally a 6-8 and i'm sizing down to a 4. otherwise it's pretty perfect, the length is good for taller women (i'm 5'11") and the bodice is sturdy enough that smaller cup sizes won't need a bra. definitely recommend this!	Dresses
I really love this shirt - fits just like the picture shows and runs tts. the color is a beautiful red - a bitter richer/darker in person than it looks online.	Knits
Great fir and very flattering. keep in mind that it's a little low cut. some bras may not be low enough or may show.	Knits
This is a nice and comfortable shirt. i'm 5'7 and i have triple d size bra and i got my shirt in size m. it fits perfectly and my breasts are not showing too big and the shirt is not too tight. it's more of a casual style, possibly because of the fabric that was made of. nothing fancy but a very nice every-day shirt to go with skinny jeans or a skirt. it covers belly really well and it does look nice and slim around the waist. i'm pretty pleased with my purchase.	Knits
This dress is perfect and so sweet! i do agree with other reviewers in that it runs about 1/2 to one size large. i run anywhere from 6-8 in retailer dresses and i ordered the 6. if you are usually in between sizes definitely order the smaller size. the smaller size also allows me to go braless even though i have a larger (34dd) chest because of the well-constructed bodice. length is nice for us tall girls as well!!	Dresses
I usually wear a small or medium depending on the cut, but this one only worked in a large. with or without a bra, it was not too low and covers all the middle area flaws beautifully. bust size average and i have muscular (not sticks) arms and a fairly wide back. nice and drapey, pretty green color. great sale price.	Knits
I ordered this top in red. gorgeous color and detail, however just wasn't flattering on my more curvy shape. felt like it looked like a maternity top.	Knits
I loved the fabric, cut and style of these shirts, the diamond gather in the front is a problem though. i just went under and snipped the elastic that is sewn on that design to relax it a bit. this shirt washes and wears wonderfully. please make again maybe fix the diamond area so it is not sewn with as much continuous elastic, a space in the sewing on both sides would alleviate that pucker. sill i love this top	Knits
I love this fabric, it is comfortable and forgiving. as i prefer jewel tone colors and the red is beautiful. i thought the sleeve length on this might be odd, but it's fabulous. the only reason i haven't given it five stars is that i haven't laundered it enough to verify the quality	Knits
This shirt is very pretty in person, although more orange than it appears in picture. i got it for 25% off the sale price, which was definitely worth it, but i wouldn't have paid more than that. the back has a soft tshirt jersey material with a gray and white print. the neckline is a little weird, gathers kind of strangely, but other than that, a really pretty top.	Knits
I have literally dozens of deletta tops. just four things to know: very unique/attractive, run large/stretch out (size down), poor quality fabric, and usually low cut.	Knits
This is exactly what i was looking for! a simple black blouse to pair with a bold pair of pants or skirt. falls nicely and the material is quite stretchy making it super comfortable.	Knits
This top came in the mail today and did not disappoint. it feels very light and luxurious and the color is just divine. i got the deep red color and it is beautiful. it can be dressed up or dressed down. i ordered my usual small and it fit tts.	Knits
Purchased in a small. usually a 4-6-8. i layered over a sleeveless dress and i felt amazing. great for those tighter dresses. the fabric is sheer but not super see through. the tassle in the back is so creative. it closes enough in the back to not look weird. i have so many plans for this piece. black is the perfect color too. the collar colors are perfect too.	Knits
This is top makes me feel happy and pretty! with a saturday/sunday black tank or any cami, you will love yourself in it! tts and matches most any skirt! good price too! can wear with skirts or pants.	Knits
This is more of an undershirt than a shirt. the material is very very thin and it shows everything. it was beyond unflattering on me. don't buy this unless you have a knockout thin body.	Knits
I found the fit of this dress to be true to size with a flattering bust and waistline; however, the fabric feels cheap and doesn't drape as nicely as i'd hope for the price. this would be a lovely dress in a better quality fabric. for sizing reference, i'm 5'5'', 122 lbs, 30dd, and took my usual size xs - though i'm busty for my size, the top provides nice coverage.	Dresses
I love the way this dress fits and flares in all the right places making it one of the most flattering dresses i've tried in a while. for me, maeve dresses tend to run a bit big, so i sized down to a small (i'm typically an 8-10). the colors are a little deeper/richer in person, which made me very happy. i love the flounce in the skirt - it adds more swing to the dress. the only draw back was the v-neck came down a bit low. easy fix with a cami for work.	Dresses
This dress has a very flattering cut for hourglass ladies. i am an 8/10 and got the medium. the sleeves are a little blousy, otherwise it is just about perfect. it will look great with boots or booties for fall. i will wear a thin tank with it to work because the neckline is a little deep.	Dresses
The details on this blouse - lace inset in front and sheer back - look just as great in person as they do in the photos. the fabric is wonderful too; the knit has enough heft that it doesn't show every body imperfection or detail in your bra. it held up well through its first wash and ironing as well. as others have noted, the style is versatile - easy to wear with a cardigan or blazer at work or to pair with skinny jeans or shorts on the weekend. i was also positively impressed by the color sin	Knits
I got this in the dark coral color. it is lovely. i'm taking it to hawaii!	Knits
Sizing: i'm have broad shoulders/back, 36c (34d), short waist, and i usually wear a m in a knit top. that's what i bought, so i'd say that this tee is tts. it is a little longer in the back than front, but not as a high/low top would be. rather, it's sort of tunic-like in style. i have worn it over leggings with and without a sweater, and the added length covers me. i admit that i'm a tad on the short side at 5'2", and that i have no hips (straight up and down) and no waist. my shape is an upsid	Knits
So flattering! the length is perfect and hits just above the knee in front (slightly longer on sides). i was looking for a versatile dress that could be worn to church, work, luncheons, or casual evening events. this one fits the bill. i love that it pays homage to the boho/peasant trend without being shapeless or making me look too wide. i am 5'6" (long torso) 132 lbs, 32d and the small fit perfectly. i got the black motif print.	Dresses
I really love this dress because it can be dressed up with wedges or heels for a wedding or cocktail party, but could also be dressed down with a cute pair of gladiators. i love the pockets too! i'm very happy with my purchase and would recommend to anyone who needs a go-to summer dress for many occasions.	Dresses
Love, love, love but alas had to return. gorgeous fabric and elegant design, i purchased for an evening summer wedding. however, the cut of this dress is more suited to a small bust line and a short waist. i felt like it hit at my rib cage and not my natural waist and my top half was spilling out of the neckline. it was slightly loose so i don't think sizing up would have helped. maybe i needed to size down? i'm 5'6", 145 lbs and had the 10. loved but it didn't fit me properly. also noticed the	Dresses
I really liked the style of this dress. the top was nice and stretchy and the bottom is so soft and silky. i love lace and thought that was a nice detail for the top. the colors are a little brighter in person, the red in the pictures here is more of a hot pink in person. i'm planning on buying some hot pink flats to wear with it at a wedding this summer! one reviewer said she didn't like the placement where the dress fell, i have a short torso and long legs, so i like to try to emphasize a	Dresses
...and another addition to my wedding guest wardrobe! the skirt print is gorgeous and i can't wait to shop for the perfect shoe and accessories. i'm very hippy with a thinner waist and this hides that. i love the pockets and the fact that i can wear a regular, comfortable bra. all-around a great purchase!	Dresses
I was going to order a size 2 online but decided to check my local store first (hate paying for shipping - especially when so many retailers offer free shipping regardless of the purchase amount). all that was left was a 0 and 10. i decided to go ahead and try the 0 just for size comparison. i'm usually a size 2 but this dress fit perfect in the 0. a 2 probably would have been ok but may have been a bit looser in the top. i love the lace fabric on the top and the contrast it provides to the skir	Dresses
The quality and aesthetic of this dress is wonderful. the fit and look are classic. i am 5'10'' and the dress falls mid thigh. this is a beautiful dress for a special event, simple but with sparkle at the neckline and an unusual print. i am very happy with this purchase.	Dresses
I love this dress! its feminine, sassy and very comfortable. it fit my body type well--i'd say i have more of an athletic build (broad shoulders, 36c, straight in waist/hips) plus i have a lovely left over tummy from two babies.... the top has stretch and is a higher waist which is slimming on my body. the bottom material is a thick and high quality with a design that is beautiful in person. it sits out from my waist and hips and easily covers the left over tummy and is super easy to move in. po	Dresses
Wore this dress for my bridal shower and got a ton of compliments! it fits great and is very well made!	Dresses
Fits nicely - i'm a standard size 4 most places. also perfect for those in-between occasions. can be dressed up or down and worn with flats or heels :)	Dresses
When i saw this dress i knew i had to have it! i loved the colors and design. i am a wedding planner and dresses with pockets are my "uniform"i was a little concerned after reading some of the other reviews, but i ordered anyway and am glad i did! it fits perfect and looks just like the photo.	Dresses
In the photo of the dress, you might have a hard time telling that the top half of the dress is the "lace" part, and is a stretchy knit fabric, while the bottom half is polyester and not stretchy at all.fyi: 36c (34d), short waist, broad shoulders/back, usually a 10/12 in a fitted top/dressthe navy lace of the top, as i said, is knit. therefore it was too stretchy, and the straps actually were already too long. it was so loose, that i needed the smaller size in the top half of the dress (10).	Dresses
I am 5'2" and got this in a 6p. i would say it fits tts (the top also has some give), but the waist is just a few inches away from being empire. i think the dress on the model is pulled down to de-emphasize this. even so, it is a very cute dress - plan to wear it with a navy velvet jacket for easter.	Dresses
I was so sure i was going to love this dress when i saw it on the rack. i was so disappointed by how poofy on the bottom. it was not flattering at all! i'd love to see this pattern back with a better fit.	Dresses
Great summer shirt. loose fitting, but especially wide. the button gather in back is a nice detail	Knits
I don't know why this piece is so wide around the body. the fabric is very good. just the design is way boxy. i get xsp, still boxy.	Knits
Cute top for jeans or capri pants. love the sleeve length.	Knits
Perfect for end of summer going into fall. very soft and pairs great with skinnies and sandals or booties. still trying to find a sweater to layer it with. runs true to size. i am an xs/0 and got the xs. i was a little worried because i am so petite i usually swim in tops like this. it fits perfectly and comfortably.	Knits
I'm 32b-26-36, straight and slim, and the 0 fits like a glove. it's a nice change from all these loose, billowy (sometimes sack or tent like) dresses. if you are busty or have a broad rib cage, you'll need to size up for sure. the slip is fitted and im wondering if it will stay put. love all the colors in this dress - navy was better for me, the white washed me out and was just underwhelming. the band of lace hits high on my waist at a spot that is flattering and slimming which doesn't happen of	Dresses
This is a very cute dress, with a comfortable fit. my only gripe is that i could not get the top of the v-neck slip to stop shifting to the side.	Dresses
I can't believe this top hasn't sold out. it is a great casual top that will go well with anything. i agree with previous reviewer that talked about sizing up to cover straps. i did size up to a large but it didn't get huge around the midsection. i got the red and it will go great with pilcro khakis or denim.	Knits
This top was so pretty online! unfortunately it did not work for me- the front was a bit more shapeless in person, though the back was gorgeous, with a button gather at center. the color appeared yellow online, but was a bit more green in person. also, the armholes were very low, so it would need a camisole or no bra.	Knits
I love this dress! it is an easy throw on and go dress. the fabric is very soft and the cut is faltering. fit is true to size.	Dresses
I bought this dress for my sister's bridal shower, and it was a hit! i was a little bit surprised when it arrived because i did think it was going to be actual tweed - it is not. it is simply a tweed pattern! i think it makes a little bit more casual, but it was a fun dress for an afternoon bridal brunch! one thing i wish it had - pockets!!	Dresses
Not sure why this says "online exclusive" as i bought it in green in the store. i also saw it in a mustard color at another location. but in any case,this is an adorable and flattering dress. fabric is kind of a chino. weighty but not too heavy. great color and design. runs a bit small. my normal size was snug and i thought that in the summer heat i would not want it that clingy so went up a size. i love it and would buy it in more colors!	Dresses
This is a great dress! it's cut nicely, is flattering, and it's not too short. if i put it on, i look put together in a matter of seconds. the dress fits true to size. one thing, i would agree with the other review that this is not really "tweed." instead it is made out of a patterned stretchy material that is a little thinner than tweed. the colors are really beautiful, and while the blues and reds are more intense in real life, it looks terrific.	Dresses
I found this to be a very feminine and flattering dress. it is prettier in person. i have the ivory and black print. i agree that it takes a bit of effort to get the slip positioned properly. i might wear a different slip, however i was able to get the slip to stay in place. the print and fabric are a nice quality. i typically wear an xxsp or a 0p. i bought this in the 0 regular because i like my dresses a little bit longer. i think it runs just a little bit small.	Dresses
Horrible fit not true to size again aline outside of the dress and a very tight camisole underneath	Dresses
This was my first time ordering or even knowing about retailers. what a pleasant surprise. i will shop often!	Knits
This is a really great top. it is really soft and made very well. it could be a casual top with jeans, or, dress up with some chunky jewelry and cute heels. i wasn't sure which size to get because i mostly get mediums amd i sometimes get a large. i ended up going with a large and it seemed to be just a little too big, but it doesn't have that look at all. it looks so much better in person than on the computer. overall a very cute top!	Knits
The design and workmanship of this dress are outstanding. the fit may be tricky for some. i am small busted and the bust and even the neckline are very tight and fitted. still flattering, though. i typically wear a 0 or 2 in dresses and purchased this in a 2. i could have worn a 4. 5'8 127lbs. the length is perfect as i purchased this in navy for a wedding. the navy cami slip underneath is top quality with adjustable straps and snaps to hold them in place at your shoulder. overall a sweet and dr	Dresses
This is one of the most flattering tops i've ever owned. i'm a little confused by the other reviews, because the model in the photo doesn't have it tacked in the back. you can see on the photo of the back, there's a button to pull it in which makes it so incredibly flattering. it's soft and beautiful, but very delicate. i'd wash it separately and carefully, and rarely :) i actually had to return my first one because of a hole in the material. overall, one of my new favorite tops.	Knits
This is a very cute top. my only reservation is that where the elastic is on the side sticks out a little more than i would like. it's not that big of a deal though.	Knits
I love this dress. it is beautiful , feminine, and fits perfectly. i am a 4 in a dress size. i have long wait 5,7. . very happy in this simple yet unique dress.	Dresses
The dress didn't meet my expectations, specifically the color, the texture, and the cut of the dress. although the dress was very well made, it just wasn't right for me.	Dresses
Agree with other reviewers that the dress doesn't look like the picture so retailerpligie should really change it out. however i'm keeping the dress since it does look cute on. definitely more yellow in it than you can see.	Dresses
Retailer is totally killing my wallet because i can't resist these modern-city-meets-prairie-boho dresses. i bow down to the textile designers who created this print, it's stunning. as for reality vs. model shoot, it's pretty much what you see--the colors are spot on, the outer dress is sheer, the bodice is slightly fitted, with a fuller skirt that doesn't poof too much. all poly construction with no stretch whatsoever. i had a bit of a struggle getting the outer dress over my shoulders but once a	Dresses
I like the soft green color, the chino fabric and the casual vibe this dress exudes. perfect for spring and early summer. runs tts but may be snug for bustier gals. wish this had pockets.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress the second i saw it in store. i haven't experienced any of the issues others have. i love the short, flowy, feminine look and i think it can be dressed up or down. it would be great for a summer wedding or cocktail event, or dressed down as a day dress with a jean jacket. i've received compliments every time i've worn it.	Dresses
I love wearing this. it is a little slice of summer, which i am desperately hanging on to. the color pops, it's so very comfortable, & the back is a work of art! can be dressed up with a pencil summer skirt, or down with capri style pants.	Knits
I was so excited to receive this dress only to come find out that it was not tweed, not the same colors as the picture, spandex material, the fit runs smaller than most of their dresses and the sleeves are capped. i love retailer and prefer their clothes above all other brands but i was extremely disappointed in this dress.	Dresses
For a special occasion, but i didn't keep mine:i ordered petite and it was short on me, too short for my comfort color is nice, rsty burgundy, i expected it a little more 'red"fastening is a little more complicated, though you don't have to make it complicated, it has hooks at each end of the hole in the back,.but: it is a nice cut, flattering to the silhouette, i might order a regualr size if i needed it. the body is structured, mateiral is not stiff, but also not soft. the arms is	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. the fabric is light weight but textured and interesting, and the purple is gorgeous. the soft pink was a bit more orange than i expected, but not a deal breaker. the problem i had with the dress was fit around the arms. i sized up and was glad that i did because it runs small up top, but because the straps come in a bit around the arm holes, it creates armpit fat, which is not a problem i usually have. i could wear the dress with a sweater, but you wouldn't be able to se	Dresses
For reference: 5'3, 130#, athletic/muscular body type (broad shoulders, slim hips)i bought my usual size 4 and it fit perfectly. like other reviewers said, this is a very fine corduroy fabric. the thicker fabric really helps smooth any bumps and bulges, and the a-line skirt was flattering. overall i liked this dress, but the color didn't do much for me. because it just wasn't "wow" on me, i found little things to nitpick. the bodice is very flattering, but the way it cuts in shows bra-straps (	Dresses
I ordered this dress for a special event and i am so incredibly happy with it! i am 5'1", 97 lbs, 32b and ordered a 0 petite. fits like a glove. the dress has a slight give to it, but main dress fabric is a thick material so order your usual size. fits close through the waist and flares out below. the length hit above the knee so not too short, although i wouldn't want it any shorter. my main worry was whether my bra would show in the back, but i had no issue. overall, the dress is stunning with	Dresses
The pattern is cute and vibrant, and the shillouette is simple, but the courderoy felt too heavy and stiff and it was too small around the chest for me (36dd).	Dresses
This dress is well made and of good quality it just looked a little too old on me. the skirt was heavy and the fabric was cozy, perfect for a fall outfit.	Dresses
This dress is a keeper. fits true to size, comfortable and love the pockets. it can be a casual day dress or add some jewelry for a night time dinner out. i was concerned with the fabric being a velvet material but is very light and comfortable	Dresses
It's impossible to tell, but this dress is made from very fine wale corduroy. the neckline is very flattering for a smaller chested woman, with a sharp cut (that makes a strapless bra required for peace of mind). the dress does have snaps to hold your bra straps in, but i went ahead with a strapless. the back has a neat square cut. the skirt is slightly longer, on both sides, which gives the dress movement, even though the material is heavier than typically used for this season or cut. i wore it	Dresses
I wanted to love this. the color in the picture is pretty true-to-life. the top fit well, if a bit smaller than usual, but the skirt piece was way too flared for my petite (5') frame. it was too voluminous compared to the top of the dress. the material is very soft, but thin, and is lined, which was a pleasant surprise. sadly, a return for me.	Dresses
This dress has pretty colors. the top fit well but the bottom looked like an upside down umbrella. it has enough material to make 2 skirts and the big pockets on the sides make the skirt stick out sideways. the photo of model is from side, not the front. very unflattering on me.	Dresses
I returned the dress because the color was not as pictured in the online photo. i did not like the color.	Dresses
I purchased this top in the navy. the picture makes the top look like an interesting blue with some purple in it, but in person the top is just... navy. the lace and fabric are soft. it fits true to size; i almost always wear a small and the small fit fine. it wasn't quite my style, but it's a pretty top that will be great for spring and summer.	Knits
I bought this in the sable green. you can wear this blouse tucked in, or out if you're wearing something lie leggings. it is comfortable and the color is very flattering.	Knits
Beautiful lace detail and very soft material. runs a little big.	Knits
Tried on the xxs petite and still felt that it looked too boxy and baggy on me. cute concept but poor execution	Knits
This top was originally way overpriced. so i ordered it on sale for half price. still overpriced. it arrived yesterday and frankly i am disappointed. the quality is not great. it is like a jersey type material. doesn't look like the photograph at all. i like the color, but frankly, that's about it.	Knits
This is a great "go to" top. it isn't too low, too tight, too dressy or too casual. i'm 5'1 and ordered a small petite. it fits perfectly, especially under the arms, (where tops always show my bra) & it doesn't go "too" low. i have to admit, i purchased the dusty rose color, i'm not sure how great it complements my olive skin, but i love it anyway.	Knits
Ordered this online in the pinkish color. the material is a little thin. as a busty, curvy lady this one just didn't sit right, ran a tad large, and looked boxy. if you have a thinner frame, may be a better look for you. detailing is nice.	Knits
I ordered this for my friend and she loved it!	Knits
I'm a bit disappointed in this top. i'm keeping because retailer's shipping rates are obnoxious and i don't have a store near me. by the time i pay for shipping both ways, i could have paid for 1/2 the shirt. the loft has some very similar tops for about 1/2 the price. i love meadow rue, and their material is fabulous, but the design is off on this one. you can't size down because the armholes and top are fitted, but the bottom is a tent. not my usual style, as i'm short, with a short waist. this	Knits
I got this in white and was surprised to see that it fits me. i am very petite but with a 32d bust and purchased the xxs. this fit me perfectly! the fabric is soft and kind of silky, the straps were not too long, the hem hit just at my hip line. i am buying the other color!	Knits
I ordered this top online during the mother's day sale, thinking i had found the perfect white staple tank i wanted for summer. i had this top on for barely five seconds before i knew it was going straight back. the quality of the fabric and the overall design are both very good. but the problem is that the top comes with an under-layer up top. this is normally a good thing; extra coverage in a sumer top generally means you ca go braless. the problem is that the top layer of the shirt is so shee	Knits
I love this dress even more in person than in the photo! it is more sleek and fitted than it appears on the model. the seams are flattering and the fabric is lovely.	Dresses
Purchased this should in the blue motif in size small. i am usually between a small and medium in shirts, 36c broad shoulders. the fit was fine in the small. however, i had a few issues with the top: 1) the blue motif looked actually like a faded blue (as if it had been washed quite a few times and looked worn), 2) the front mid/bottom section laid strangely and gave me a maternity look, and 3) the back has alot of fabric (see back of tank in white motif) and was very voluminous. for me, it wasn	Knits
Hi, this top is absolutely gorgeous in my opinion. very feminine. it has a small amount of swing without a large amount of fabric. love it.	Knits
Love this top. looks much better on than the hanger. the color and fabric are very nice.	Knits
I was hesitant to buy this top after reading previous reviews, but i love it! granted, i am two months postpartum so i am looking for tops that are airy (it's summer in socal) but cover up my tummy. the material is soft and stretchy and it does have a loose shelf bra type inset---so not a real bra but at least something there. i wore a free people bralette with it and it looked perfect! really happy with this top!	Knits
I like the casual, yet detailed look of this piece. it looks great with crops. the casual tie string makes the piece feel very laid back, but the details are so pretty. i have it in lavender. it looks way better in person. saw it at the store and grabbed it immediately.	Knits
Absolutely in love with this dress! perfect to wear to work or for a casual brunch or cookout. i'm a 34b, 27" waist, and 36" hip and 5'3" and went with the xsp. very impressed with the quality and well worth the sale price.	Dresses
Pretty design and good quality but the medium was very balloony at the bottom. fit my chest alright (34c) but flared out way too much at the bottom.	Knits
I wanted to love this as i love bright colored patterns. however, when i received the pattern was different than the one pictured and didn't appear as bright and the material was much different than i expected. could almost see through the shirt where it is white and is very thin.also, i have a larger chest and a smaller waistline and the cut of the where the peplum began made me look larger than i actually am. i am a 36ddd and i normally where a size medium. a medium fit but like i said made	Knits
I bought this shirt to wear under a black skirt suit. the fabric does have some stretch to it however if you have a normal to above boob size ... beware! i have a 36d chest and the front of the shirt hit me to the point that i then looked preggers. it was one of those situations which reminded me why i do not buy empire dresses. in addition the fabric felt like something my grandmother would have used back in the 60's. it was a thick polyester type material. i think this shirt would still work f	Knits
This top did not look at all like it did on the model. i thought it would be slightly loose through the hips but instead it was snug on top and very very very loose. great for someone who is pregnant. which i am not.returning.	Knits
This top is cute! it adds a pop of color to my day and seems to be of high quality. the colors seem more vibrant in person and the material is quite soft and stretchy. as another reviewer pointed out, the peplum is only in the front! it sounds really weird but i don't really mind the look because i'll be wearing a jacket over it. i'm usually a size 12/14 with a 36dd bust and the large fits beautifully.	Knits
This is a very slimming, well-made, nice fitting top-i just disliked the colors. they did not look good on me. otherwise this is a very nice piece!	Knits
This is a great looking top but the sizing is way off. in the photo it looks a little oversized. i am normally a medium but this one was very small, sleeves several inches too short and it is more like 25" long instead of the 35" listed on the description. in the right size i think it will be great but i'm not sure whether to go up one size or two.	Knits
I love the peplum tanks that retailer puts out, but sadly this one did not work for me. the print is vibrant and the colors are even brighter in person, the the material made it look cheap. the fit in the bust was off - i felt that it cut too much into the bra area. and the poof part of the peplum hit me at a weird spot on my torso. really wanted it to work, but maybe it would look better on someone more slender/taller than me (for reference i'm 4'10" and usually wear size l in retailer)	Knits
When i got this top in the mail i was impressed by the colors. they were very vibrant and i loved the feel of the material as well. however the top did not look good on. i have an hourglass figure with a dd+ bust, and the peplum just made me look like i didn't have a waist. the arm holes were also very big and showed my bra. overall i think this is a very cute top, but would probably be better on women with more athletic figures.	Knits
I'm 5'2 and bought the dress in a petite medium. i like to buy clothes that i can wear to work and this dress was almost too short. if it were any shorter, it wouldn't have worked. if i were to buy it again, i'd probably go with a non-petite size. also, i ordered the dress online and i found two snags in it as soon as i pulled it out of the box. i don't think they will be terribly noticeable, but just beware that this dress will apparently snag easily. i plan to wear it with a purse without meta	Dresses
This dress did not work well on my figure. i have a small waist and broad hips, and the dress (size m for 140 lbs, 5'8") was too boxy. i didn't have objections to the fabric, like other reviewers - honestly, even if there were a snag or two, the fabric is kind of rustic and i don't think a snag would look terrible, depending on where it is. i should note that one of the ornamental buttons immediately fell off the dress upon arrival. my friend got the same dress in a size s and it worked better f	Dresses
I love the colors of this top. it does run very large though. when i received my usual small i felt like i was swimming in the top, not fitted at all. the material is a bit funky too - seems a little lower quality because of the fabric. will return and try a smaller size if there is one available at the store and see if i change my mind.	Knits
Wore this dress for easter dinner and received many compliments. it is delicate and if not careful the diamond pattern can snag. i loved the comfort and ability to dress up or down. i ordered the regular instead of petite as i wanted the length at my knees not thigh high. and it fit perfect at 5'4.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in two sizes, pxs and ps. they both arrived in a timely manner but the pxs was snagged upon arrival. there were a few other reviewers that stated the dress snagged easily but i loved the classic look of this dress so i thought i would take the chance. unfortunately i had to take both back to the store because the potential for snagging the fabric was too high even considering the sale price. also, the dress comes with a cotton slip but the slip for the pxs was tiny while the	Dresses
This dress hangs like a sack. it really needs a belt to give it some shape. i tried to style it with one, but then didn't look right either. i did like the slip that came with it. i'll be returning it.	Dresses
I thought this was more like an oversized sweatshirt. not at all! i'm either a m or l and i bought a large and that was too small and too tight. it is more fitted. if you are looking for something more comfy, don't buy. however, if you want more of a fitted blouse feel, then go for it.	Knits
So wanted to love this top. love the look entirely. but the medium was beyond snug, so i sent it back for a large. hopefully the bigger size will make it a keeper!	Knits
Very nice material, soft and feminine colors. however, the waist sat higher than my natural waist and was uncomfortable. unfortunately it's going back	Knits
This dress is so cute and so flattering. i loved the shape, but i wore it wonce and the fabric was pulling on everything! just holding a purse while walking managed to pull out a ton of the fabric! when you spend so much money on something you think the quality would be better..	Dresses
I really loved the colors and style of this top. unfortunately it runs a bit small and was too short on me. i'm 5'9. some mentioned they didn't like fabric but i thought it was good!	Knits
I wanted to like this so much. it's a great good girl dress, church dress. however, it makes no sense. it's a summer dress with massively thick lining that snags i'm petite and busty and it made me look and feel very wide.	Dresses
I was excited to try this on in the store today. the zipper details on the shoulder are really cute and the ribbing pattern is flattering. i was disappointed when i put it on though because it fits like a baby-doll / pregnancy top. it's snug around the bust, and then flares out pretty widely through the lower half. you can't really see that on the model. i was hoping it was more of a fitted tee, but sadly, that wasn't the case.	Knits
I did the happy dance when the dress arrived, but the very sad dance when i tried it on. unfortunately, instead of following my instincts, i took the review here (and reviews from some other sites) to heart and ordered a size bigger than usual . huge mistake, as in this dress was huge -- much too big to alter and keep the integrity of design. for reference i'm 5'7, 130lbs, 34c. i usually wear an 8 dress (due to a very large rib cage). i ordered the 10 but was literally swimming. i think a 6 woul	Dresses
I was intrigued by this top...it's very cute but i feel that the tassels are just slightly too big and if the fringe would have been a little more subtle, the top would be cuter. i'm still on the fence with this one....	Knits
I bought this dress for a christmas party and received lots of compliments! at 50, even though i live in a cold climate i was looking for something (not black!) stylish, and comfortable that i would not roast in at a party! it is a beautiful green color with nice embroidery front and back and the shape is very boho. i like my dresses a little more fitted so i bought the xs (and i am usually a small ...so size down!) and had the waist nipped in a bit by my seamstress to give it more of a flatteri	Dresses
I love this top! tassels are not too big. material is thick. i wish is was a little longer though.	Knits
I really like this top, a nice spin on a class sweatshirt. fun with a pair of jeans or cords.	Knits
Great everyday dress. i bought a small (5'9, 135lbs) and it really fits nicely.	Dresses
I really love this dress! it's very flattering and comfortable, and all the buttons keep the wrap in check. i've gotten lots of compliments on it. also, it's got pockets!	Dresses
Love the shirt! fits great and is so cute! a must have for fall!	Knits
I would have loved this tee but the color didn't love me. it's sort of a mustard orange. the embroidery is beautifully done but i felt the size of the yarn tassels were too big and looked a bit odd, but i have a large bust so don't like to draw attention there. it's a sweatshirt and not a tee shirt, but it flows and doesn't grab anywhere. it looked so nice under a jean jacket. if it weren't for the color and tassels, it would be a keeper for me.	Knits
Believe the reviews - this dress is very flattering, great quality, and an excellent print (i got the polka dot). i was concerned about the wrap front since i am busty - 32dd - but this looks great, is appropriate for work. love!	Dresses
I love the mustard color and fun boho details of this shirt, however the sizing was a little weird. i ordered the small petite first and it was just too short (which is rarely a problem i have), so i ordered it in the regular small. it's perfect in length, but a little loose on top, which i'm fine with. overall, very happy with this purchase and have received many compliments on it.	Knits
Love, love love this top. it's got a little bit of a native american vibe without being over-the-top. i tend to wear a small in retailer, but the medium was the way to go for me. it's not long, and the style errs on the not-tight side. if you can go between two sizes, don't get the smaller one. and i love the shade of yellow!	Knits
A great wrap dress with many buttons, the dress stays on better than any other wrap dress i ever owned.	Dresses
This top is as pictured. i'm 5 feet 120 pounds. the small petite was a great fit. the material is cozy, soft and somewhat thick. dress it casual with jeans or elevate it with slacks.	Knits
Received this dress for christmas and fell in love. the detail and fit is perfection. the buttons go all the way to the bottom of the skirt so no concern for pesky flyaway exposure should the wind blow. the detail on the arms w the buttons is also cute and i personally loved the longer sleeve that almost comes to my elbow - it's very flattering. overall a great little dress!	Dresses
I came into the store to try another dress on and was given this dress to try. it is perfect! i paired it with black tights and tall boots for a family photo. i got it in the wine color. highly recommend and very fun for winter. it does run really large. i usually wear a small but got an extra small.	Dresses
It is such a cute dress. the mulit-colored aspect allows me to wear many different color shoes with it. the dress can be formal or informal, and it works for a myriad of occasions. please purchase it!!!!	Dresses
I was excited to see this dress as i'd bought the sparrow boiled wool sheath dress in xs last year and loved the fit. however, this dress does not fit the same way. the top fits fine, but the waist and the bottom are way too big. i laid it over my sparrow dress from last year, and the bottom is at least an inch wider (two inches, if you go by the total circumference). i'm planning to exchange for an xxs and see if that one fits better.	Dresses
I purchased this in grey and wine and both are wonderful. the boiled wool is light but warm and not itchy. fits nicely through the bodice and flares out to create a nice shape. the pockets are terrific and lay nice and flat. i'm short but the petite was well above my knee. i could have worn petite small just fine. it fit nicely in the bodice - the smaller size brought the seaming up a bit higher to form a more empire waist, but i chose the petite medium because i wanted it loose through the wais	Dresses
This dress in coral is a beautiful color and awesome material. only problem is it runs a little big- i am a pretty true to size small and should've ordered an xs- the hips are a little wide and v in the neck a little low. instead of sending back i just wore a camisole and leggings w ankle boots and it looked very cute regardless.	Dresses
Unfortunately this dress ran very large on me (please no more vanity sizing!) and minimized what few curves i have. my store didn't have this in petite so i tried a regular xs - the neckline was low and there were at least 4 inches of space at the waist. it also flares out quite a bit, you can see this in the catalog shot. while this wasn't flattering on me, it may work better on curvier figures.	Dresses
This piece is very comfortable and feels well made. it is not slimming.	Knits
I have had a lot of complements while wearing this dress. i purchased it in the grey. other reviews felt that this dress ran large. i agree that it might be a little larger than other retailer purchases i have made but not by much. i purchased it in small (usually what i wear in dresses) i'm very tall at 5'9" (mostly legs) and the length is great. also the neck line is perfect on me and i have a fairly average torso length. . i am very happy with the purchase.	Dresses
First, i love wool. if it's 100% wool, i love it. if wool isn't your thing, then this dress isn't for you. i ordered this dress online in the burgundy. it is not itchy. it falls above my knees and i am 5'3". it is warm and cozy with pockets, which i love. with the sleeves being short, i am wearing a long, frilly cardigan over it. i ordered the small (did not notice a size chart with this product). i am usually a size 4 or 6. it fits great in the bodice, but runs large through the hips. however,	Dresses
Loved that this was an 100% boiled wool dress but unfortunately runs very large. i tried the small and extra small - both were really large in the hips. i will maybe try the xxs - was hoping to make this is winter staple.	Dresses
I love this shirt! it's super comfy and i love the design and detail. it does run large, so order a size down.	Knits
This dress is really beautiful. i have already worn it to both an engagement party (fancy) and just out to dinner (casual); it fits most occasions, depending on what you pair it with, which always makes me feel like i have gotten my full money's worth. i've gotten several compliments on it; the best one being that it looks as though i was wearing a piece of art! the outside material of the dress is silky in texture and has a nice sheen to it. it looks true to the picture on the website. the dres	Dresses
The dress is great for pear shapes. however, i do feel it runs larger than typical retailer sizing. ordered a small (5'8" 140#) and i still think it may be a bit big. the material is very comfortable, not too thick or thin. however, i feel the shaping on the bottom is a little bulky due to the fabric. see the attached photo.	Dresses
I love this dress so much that i purchased it in both grey and wine. i find the cut very flattering and slimming, and love the pockets. it works great for northern california winters, with tights, boots, boiled wool sweatercoat over it while outdoors, and on its own indoors. i wish there was a long-sleeved version. i feel exceptionally cute and cozy while wearing it. good job, sparrow! btw, i bought the other currently offered sparrow wool dress (the mock-neck dress), and this one is just an inc	Dresses
Such a unique mix of prints but it totally works. much better and more vibrant in person. true to size. fits more like a maxi on me since i'm 5'1"	Dresses
This top is super cute. the color is beautiful and the lace detail is very feminine. im a 36c and got the size small. it fits great.	Knits
I agree with some of the other reviewers; this dress runs very large. when i tried on the xs in my local store, i loved the color and thought i could work with it with the right bra or camisole, but it was just cut far too low in the front and when i tried it on at home, it was just too roomy and not fitted enough. i ordered both an xsp and an xxs today so we will see if they fit better. it is an adoreable design, cut and color. it just runs way big so size down if you decide to get it.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. i bought the cranberry color and it really is gorgeous. the cut was wrong for my body type. it is a bit roomier than expected. but i wear a size 36ddd so the seams on the chest hit at a very awkward spot. i'm sure it would look great on someone with a smaller chest	Dresses
Les fauves is another version of last years larkhill swing dress but better. one, the swing has less to swing, but in a good way! they reduced the voluminous amount of material while retaining the fun swing aspect. two, the dress is shorter so it's more flattering to the vertically challenged like me. what's the same? still wonderful silk, discreet pockets, beautiful abstract floral print and those horrid little buttons that are difficult to fasten on the back of a tight neckband collar. i h	Dresses
The moment i laid eyes on this beauty, i was mesmerized. there's so much going on with the print but it all works. it's so fun and flattering and versatile since the variety of colors go with just about every thing i own in my closet. it can be fancied up or casualed down depending on your shoes and accessories. like the first reviewer recommended, size down. i bought an 8 instead of 10 and my bust is 36dd with a wide rib cage. i really wish this was a midi on me but alas no petite sizes w	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress! i ordered it when there was a 20 percent off special and couldn't wait to get it. the colors are as depicted and the dress fit true to size. i also liked that it wasn't too short. what i didnt like was that the dress is lined in white, which you can plainly see in the picture, but i didnt notice before ordering. i just think it would have been much prettier lined in black. im disappointed and the dress is going back.	Dresses
I'm 5' 120 and the 4p fit like a glove. i have a bigger chest and there is no pulling on the buttons. the colors and fit on the dress are perfect. i had so many compliments when i wore it!	Dresses
I loved this dress before putting it on, but it was just not the right cut or style for my body type. it is very roomy and full and looked like a maternity dress which was not a look i was going for. sadly this will be going back. i loved the print and the feel of the material. just not a flattering cut for me.	Dresses
Found this dress at my local retailer. . it was one of those dresses that just catches your eye.. very,very, beautiful print. . the dress is loose and flowy and feels so comfortable on. i purchased it without a second thought. i am 5'1" and usually wear a 0 or 2 and the 2 was a better fit for me. so breezy and cool for summer.	Dresses
This dress does run large, but i'm wearing it loose and flowy. bought it for desert trip music festival, with booties and a hat or headband, very hippie chic. my husband thinks it's adorable! the prints are darling.	Dresses
So cute, so comfortable, so pretty - so i guess i love everything about it. it is not too short on me and i think you can wear it in many ways... thought of adding a vest - thought of boots - can't wait to wear it. i agree the material is substantial so it isn't flimsy for fall or winter. happy with this purchase. runs true to size. i went with the op. i sometimes chose regular length, but this one is just right in the petite. i have long arms but these sleeves are just right. i am 5 ft. tall, b	Dresses
I like the make of this dress, the fabric is thick and light at the same time.the cut is loose and flattering. the different patterns are also very fun. colors are gorgeous, nice details. the buttons are sturdy. i tried on both 0p and 00p - not much difference in the 2 (i would go petite if you are on the short side). the 00p was just a bit snugger near the =chest, but didn't gape. the waist is definitely meant to be looser, so don't expect a fitted dress. length was slightly above the knee	Dresses
Very quick delivery. ordered sunday and in my mailbox tuesday before noon! nice fit, length is perfect. i'm 5'3" and the regular size 6 hits just above the knee. one thing is the nice little button in the back fell off just as i was going to try it on. found on the floor and i will just sew it back on. other than that i love the print and everything about the dress. true to size. ?? retailer	Dresses
I love the unusual print, but the cut didn't work for me. i've got a round back side and a sway back, and the dress made me look twice as big front to back than i actually am because there's no shaping to help it adjust to the curves. so sad!	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. i went into retailer in sb to try it on and when i saw it on the rack it looked beautiful, both the print and the material. then i tried it on and it fit like a tent. i am just under 5'5 and it hit right below my knees, not like shown in the picture here. on that note, i passed on this one due to the fit. i think this would make a fantastic maternity dress though.	Dresses
The fit on this shirt is bizarre--it very much resembles a nursing top (but wouldn't actually work for that purpose). the side visible in the picture is nicely draped, but the other side can flap open and is completely different. i tried two different sizes and both were equally unfortunate!	Knits
This dress is even more beautiful in person. it fits true to size and drapes nicely from the body without being tent-like, as some swing dresses are prone to be. the material is very nice and the pattern is stunning and unique. as someone else mentioned, you can pair this with a cardi for work. it's also perfect for a night out. it's easily dressed up or down. and looks amazing with a skinny belt. i'm happy i bought this one!	Dresses
Love this dress!!! thought the colors would be too much but it actually isn't and is just so cute. got a ton of compliments on it when i wore it! the material is light but not see through at all. the length is perfect and comfortable to sit around in. this will be my go to dress this fall!	Dresses
Oh my! this dress fits wonderfully on! so ready for autumn! i have a big bust, this dress does not split at the buttons.	Dresses
Saw this dress in the retailer catalog and tried on in store. didn't need a dress but ended up purchasing as will be wearable for summer/early fall. seems like a print dress cut and style that will be used for many seasons. outer fabric is a bit delicate/may snag, and a bit wrinkly as another reviewer said, but works with the dress.	Dresses
I think this dress is very pretty and i like that it's made of silk. i also like the way it fits since it skims over my figure flaws without being too poufy. what i don't like is the sloppiness of how the print was stitched on my dress. the print frame is offset and details are cut off in both the front and back (you can see similar in the model shot from behind). for the price i was expecting a little more quality control. i also do not care for the lining. i do not think the off white is	Dresses
I stumbled upon this dress yesterday at the store and fell in love with it! i wore it today with boots and received tons of compliments. it is light, comfortable and flattering. i love that it is machine washable, too!	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. it fits true to size. i have some issues around the middle and this just flows away from the body. i am 5'5" and it falls to the knee on me, longer than pictured on the model. the fabric is a nice weight that can be worn three seasons. the print is pretty and romantic. i'm planning to wear this to my daughter's very informal wedding and know i'll be comfortable and look put together. this was a lucky find!	Dresses
I loved this dress when i saw it online! i could not wait until i see in one of the local stores. i bought it today! unlike other reviews, i think this dress runs large. i am a 4 and bought the zero. maeve tends to run large on me. i would suggest that you try a size smaller. it looks very flattering!	Dresses
This dress rules. so comfy, and versatile. flattering cut. great with flats, wedges, booties, boots with tights. easily my new fav. runs large. i am usually a 6/8 and the 4 was perfect after i steamed it. no button gap either, i am a 34c.	Dresses
Loved it! i am curvy and it is very hard to find a dress that looks easy and at the same time shapes you. the various cuts of the different prints are placed in the right place in the body . easy dress and beautiful. there should be more dresses in this style in different color combos.	Dresses
I love this dress, but it is inches shorter than the description says or shows. i am only 5'7 and it is 2 to 3 inches above my knee. otherwise, it is a loose fit and hides all problem areas.	Dresses
Fit is oversized but intentional. flattering on. love the neckline. modesty might call for a tank top underneath if bending over. fabric is soft, stretchy and has a good quality heft to it.	Knits
I saw this on sale, and it looked lovely online. i really wanted to love it when i received it. it looked great, but once i tried it on, it bunches up in the back. it looks awkward. the lace and small details are pretty, but the fit is just off. returned it in the store.	Knits
Wish this worked for me! i am 5'9''. it is much shorter than it looks in the photo and the pockets did not hit my hips or torso in the right spot. the neck was kind of tight on me too. i love the idea of this dress but need it longer. the dress is very roomy overall.	Dresses
The dress is very pretty, however the description is deceiving. i purchased it not just for the look but because it was listed as "silk" but that is not exactly true. the under-slip is silk but the outer dress, what you see is definitely not. it is a cheap, thin material on top, skirt is stiff,, not loose or flowy as the picture would have you think. i will keep it, very happy i did not pay full price.	Dresses
This would have been cute if it was more fitted. i am 5'7 and 125 lbs and the small was too wide. i didn't try the xs because the small was almost too short in the sleeves and so was the length.	Knits
Love this top.perfect under a jacket for work or on its own for date night. i have a long torso and the length is perfect. so dainty and different!	Knits
I purchased this dress for myself. however, when i tried it on at home the length was too short. i gave the dress to a relative who is petite and the dress fit her perfectly.	Dresses
Love this dress. going to wear it for thanksgiving. love the material.	Dresses
I was shopping for a holiday outfit today at my retailer store, and my sales associate suggested i try on this top. i have lo idea where it was on the store l, yet it's a very pretty top that stands out when you have it on. i took this in a small because it's meant to run shorter. i felt xs would have been too small. i purchased it to wear with jeans or dress pants. pretty detail. blouse shows off my arms and minimizes my waist. i love it!	Knits
It was quite a bit shorter on me than what it shows on the model who is the same height. the pull-on styling is a #fail as i could barely get my head through the neck opening! i was afraid it might rip a seam. the fabric seems low quality, like it would stretch out and degrade faster than others. overall, not the dress or quality i expected :/	Dresses
I have been looking at this top online & today i tried it on in the store in a size small and xs regular. i am 5'3", 120 lbs. 34b, and the xs fit better than small. in the small the armholes were too low & showed my bra. this is the regular cut, not even petite (& note i am on the shorter side) & the length was a few inches shorter than i would like. glad i didn't order this online in petite. i love the detail & the material looks wellmade, with the exception of the beading in one spot was alrea	Knits
Very cute dress, but fabric is very flimsy and seams were very puckered which couldn't be pressed out.	Dresses
I love this dress, but it is too short to keep. i am 5'8" and weigh 124lbs. most of my cloths from retailer are either a size 4 or a small, but this dress is substantially shorter than other dresses purchased from retailer. it looks adorable on, but it is just too short (about 3 inches above my knees) to be considered professional enough to wear to work.	Dresses
I had higher hopes for this top and thought it would be fanicer. but as a previous reviewer mentioned, the quality of the material and elastic waistband makes the top look a little cheaper in person. i'm glad i got it on sale with the extra 25% off.i was hoping to exchange it for a small, but it's sold out by now. the top runs a little large. normally i'm between a small and a medium, but i think a small might even be too big. i put it on this morning in the dark and by the time i got to work	Knits
I disliked this dress. it didn't fall on me the way it falls on the model pictured. i think it would work well for tall, thin women with a smaller chest. i am petite with a larger chest, and it accentuated my chest in an unflattering way and managed to make me look frumpy at the same time. not recommended for petite women.	Dresses
This is a beautiful well designed top. the pattern is laid out to match on each side. the back has a narrow center insert of sheer fabric, for an interesting detail, with wonderful construction. this sheer fabric is also added to the bottom as an edging . this measures only 1 1/4" wide and lays flat and finished off well. the sleeves have excess fabric for comfort but do not make one's arms look heavy. the unusual neckline shape in the front is well sewn and lays flat nicely. i think this top is	Knits
I ordered this dress looking for something to wear out for an evening. after seeing the other reviews i wasn't sure about it, but i was very pleased when it arrived. i find it is elegant and sexy, but also modest enough when i sized up by 1. i normally wear an xs in dresses but found the small fit perfectly. it is form-fitting particularly in the waist and back without being too tight. i'm excited to wear it and think it would look beautiful with a long necklace.	Dresses
I think this shirt would be really cute on the right body type, just not mine. i'm 5'5, 125 and a 34ddd a couple weeks post partum. thought this could be a good shirt while i'm nursing bc it's flowy but stylish. unfortunately it did nothing for me when i put it on. the cut drew all attention to my big chest---not in a good way--and distracted from my smaller lower half. made me look much bigger and heavier than i actually am. probably good for small chested girls, very tall girls or curvy on the	Knits
I bought this top on the advice of another tall reviewer and i'm so happy that i did. this is the perfect top for tall girls. i did size down from my usual large to a medium. the top was still oversized, but in a very pretty way. i love the material. this top is so soft and extremely comfortable. the v neckline is very pretty and not too low. i can see myself dressing this up with nicer pants for work or with skinny jeans for a more casual look. if you are a tall girl, this top is a must h	Knits
What a great top! i am 5'9" - 136 lbs with a 34d chest.. and this top looks and feels great on. i am usually a 6 and the small fit perfectly. i purchased the grey and it is a nice medium grey color. the v in front hits in a great spot.. not too low, but just low enough to look feminine. i haven't washed and dried the top yet, so i hope it looks as good after washing as it does brand new. i was hesitant to order because of the earlier reviews, but i find this top really works for me, so i am glad	Knits
I love the neckline on this - sharp enough for work, but cute for a fun night out too. only complaint is it's soooo flowy on the bottom. i could hide a baby under here for sure. i got the medium thank goodness or it would have been ridiculous. i'm 5'8, 160lbs. great for fall.	Knits
I agree with the first reviewer. this dress is just ok; nothing to write home about. if you need a throw on dress in a pinch, it's nice to have on hand, but there are probably a lot of other retailer dresses that fit the bill that are better quality than this one. it is also very body conscious in the back. the material is a thin, ribbed rayon - on the cheap side. overall, it's a comfortable piece, but it's more like a thin, long-sleeve t-shirt, rather than a quality dress. it would have been a gr	Dresses
I love the way the neckline is open not too low ! it also falls on your hips just right.great buy	Knits
Gorgeous color (plum) and is very comfy. the lace at the top is just enough to be feminine, but not too much to be trashy.like many of the other reviewers, i sized this down and am glad that i did. i think the larger size would have been "tent like".	Knits
I do not even know where to begin with this product. i ordered a small (i go between small and medium) and felt that would be a good fit. after trying on the shirt, i would have opted for the xxxxxxxxs or whatever the smallest size is. this shirt is very boxy. i know its supposed to have a 'flow' to it, but this shirt is too much. it needs to be taken in. or have a belt wrapped around it. i tried the belt look but it did not look flattering. i found this color to be very blah. overall, i am slig	Knits
I can usually be counted on to love a pretty top with lace detail and a bit of flow. this one has those qualities but it does not look great on me. perhaps it is too flowy because i am 5?3. or possibly the fabric is too soft a look on me. i did size down as reviewers suggested. maybe one size was not enough :-). i must return it.	Knits
This top is fabulous! so comfy and the lace at the top is just right. it does run a little big but drapes so well it looks fine...i got the plum but tempted to get the ivory,,,especially at the sale price! a steal...	Knits
I tried this on in the store, in regular size (i often need petite). i think on this one, i could go either way.the cut is flattering fit and flare, and the colors are rich. i like the "flowery" design, good spring piece in my opinion, as it has components of all kinds of seasons: sleeveless and see-though material, buthe design part is almost like a fine corduroy, very soft. not too flimsy iether.	Dresses
Huge! normally wear a medium and this was huge and very unflattering.	Knits
I ordered the ivory in xl. when i received it, there was more material than i expected. but, after washing & air-drying, it shrunk a lot. it's pretty and comfortable. worth getting on sale.	Knits
I loved this top when i saw it online, and ordered it right away. however, the fit is way off. i am always a size medium. always. but i was swimming in this and had to return it. even if it had fit, i wasn't thrilled with it. i thought it would be something i could dress up, especially with the lace detail, but instead it looked really frumpy. i would recommend this top as long as you know to order a smaller size and are looking for something a little more casual.	Knits
The dress is very cute, probably more on the casual side. i ordered the 2 petite and it hits me a few inches above the knee, which is what i wanted. the material of the dress and under slip is a little thin, but it looked nice after i ironed it. the top part of the dress looks great and shows off my shoulders nicely.	Dresses
Great top! super cute. runs a little big, i usually purchase l but the m fit better. it's thin, but not see through, so it lays well.	Knits
I was hoping to love this tunic, but it isn't what i was hoping for. the material is cute, but the piece itself is a little too baggy and just doesn't do anything for my shape. just made me look boxy all around. it felt more like a poncho than a tailored tunic. unfortunately, it has to go back.	Knits
I purchased this in the ivory color in store and liked it so much i ordered the plum color on-line. i am almost always an xl, but this fit better in the l size. it's very soft and comfy and i love the swingy style. will be wearing it a lot!	Knits
I'm always an xl in retailer blouses, and to be quite honest sometimes the xl are too tight to keep. however, in this blouse the size medium fits me like a normal size xl would, meaning i had to go down 2 sizes. even at size medium the blouse is still very loose and flowy. the body is cut like a trapeze a-line, so very forgiving. the fabric has a lot of stretch to it, so the arms aren't tight. the fabric is very comfortable and the lace detail is nice. just a heads up for anyone who would c	Knits
First off, this top is super cozy! i adore an easy top that has beautiful detail - and this one does! the fabric is a lot like a thermal shirt, but not too warm. it's very stretchy!! not sure if it will stretch out with wear, but you could easily size down. the body has a ton of room. because of the cute cut, you could wear it oversized without it drowning you, or you could size down to keep it more slim. the lace is simple and even more beautiful in person! i highly recommend this one - especia	Knits
I'm not sure i recommend this shirt but i did purchase the plum yesterday. i'm always always a m and had to size down to an xs on this one. that's how large it was! even the xs had plenty of room; i'm 5'6 145 lbs 36b for reference. the material look like it will stretch out even further but i got it anyway. it was on sale plus 25% off and for that price i can use it for casual days on the weekends. it's comfortable on and loved the lace detail.	Knits
I bought the neutral color. this is a lightweight tunic sweater that can be worn during spring. the lace detail is so pretty...i ordered my normal size small and would have preferred an extra small...the top flows nice but would've been a better overall fit if i sized down. i'm 5'7 140 lbs for reference. make sure you size down at least 1 size.	Knits
This dress is super flattering. i love everything about it!	Dresses
I am 6' and typically wear a size 8-10. i am a rather busty kind of gal (36h), so i usually order larges in tops so that i am sure there is no pull across my chest. i ordered a large in this top in the plum color. when i received the top, i could not stop laughing at how huge it was... the fit in the chest area is fine, but i can wrap the sides around me and tie them into a bow. at least half of the material needs to be removed! despite how huge the top is, it is very cute otherwise! i just mail	Knits
The print and detail on this dress are so much better in person, especially the neckline! i agree with the previous reviewer in that it felt spring-timey to me. flattering fit and flare however the top runs extremely small. i am usually a 6 in retailer dresses and i could barely zip the 8 over my bust but the 10 was enormous. rest of the dress fit fine but if you are large up top you might want to size up. fabric does not stretch. overall too cute to pass up! for reference i am a 34dd.	Dresses
Color of the dress matches color on my monitor. the neckline is sheer. i am 5'4" ,125 lbs, 32d and ordered a size 6. i thought it fit perfect. this is a great spring/summer dress and can be worn with dress heels or flats for a dressier look. it can also be worm with tennis shoes (white converse are my choice) for a more casual look.i think this dress could also transition to a fall/winter piece paired with tights and a suit jacket or cardigan. also, i love the pockets, though i do see ho	Dresses
What a beautiful flowing top. i am either a large or xl in tops but only needed a large in this top. i purchased it in the neutral color, but will probably get it in plum. if you have some flaws in your middle, this conceals everything. the material is so soft. you can dress it up or down and wear it from now until late fall. the plum color was beautiful, but i have more to wear with neutral. a great, versatile top.	Knits
Really cute stress! i love the pattern and feel that this dress you can easily dress up or dress down. the neckline is the main reason why i bought the dress. it is a dress that hits above my knees so i like how modest it is. the slightly open back is also a nice touch. it's a dress that can easily be dressed up or dressed down. perfect spring dress!	Dresses
I'm 7months preggars and this top actually compliments my belly. extremely comfortable.	Knits
This dress fits me perfect. the only complaint i have is that it was a little snug around the neck every now and then. it was a little snug getting in and out of the dress too. overall, the design is beautiful and it is definitely my new favorite.	Dresses
I do a lot of online shopping and, consequently, a lot of returning. when i saw this shirt online i was really excited about it - it just looks very elegant, nice and airy. when the shirt arrived, i almost thought that i should return it, because there was blue lint all over the body and sleeves. turns out that this is part of the shirt; if you zoom in, you can see the blue specs woven in. i didn't end up returning the shirt, because it's extremely comfortable, and i still get a lot of complimen	Knits
Really love the print of this dress and the eyelet detailing around the neck! very flattering!	Dresses
This shirt is beautiful. it is flowy and light, a perfect piece for transitioning from winter to spring. however, do not follow the washing instructions on the tag. it says you can machine wash, tumble dry low, and despite going one step further and washing on my gentle cycle in cold water and drying it on extra low, it came out of the wash so small that a child could barely wear it. it went from being a tunic to an inappropriate crop top i will never wear again. if you do order, please take the	Knits
Bought this shirt in the black. runs tts, very comfortable and flattering. past left of center shirts in this style/fabric seem to run a little large, but i bought this in my usual retailer m, and it's great. very similar to last years style, but perhaps a tad more fitted. i gave it a 4 for quality b/c i have noticed a little bit of pilling under the arm area, but overall, it holds up pretty well.	Knits
I am 5'3", 118 lbs and fit perfect in size s petite. good material and flatting!	Knits
Love this top! such a pretty color and so comfy. sleeves are a bit long, but fits pretty true, like most left of center. washes and dries in the dryer very nicely.	Knits
I liked this shirt so much i ordered a second one online in the same size but different color. unfortunately the second one is much shorter than the first and looks less like a tunic or more like a cropped flowy top - not a good look. so the second one is going back. otherwise the shirt would get 5 stars. washes well, super soft and comfy, and looks great with all kinds of bottoms...jeans, cords, leggings. wish it came in more colors. i typically wear a m or l in retailer tops and took the l in th	Knits
Perfect for the weekend, purchased the purple, it is a nice soft purple, great with jeans. xs petite was perfect. (115 lbs)	Knits
I ordered the orange version in size xl. it fits true to size. the fit on me matches the online photos. it's so comfortable to wear. i love the unique details of it. i've washed & air-dried it too. it retained its size. the color is outstanding. it's such a pretty shade that looks more red online than it does in person. there's more of a darker orange tint to it. i've gotten a lot of use out of this tee. hopefully it'll come back in the fall in more colors.	Knits
This top is a cross between a shirt and sweater. great length and very soft. it does run a little large so size down if you are n the fence. hangs nicely in the back.	Knits
Was looking for a top with this style. i ordered this top wondering if it would fit in the hip area after reading the size chart (it showed a close fit.) the answer is yes! there's room to spare, which is a good thing. i like the nubby front material and the hemline's asymmetrical style. i'll be layering this top with sweaters and jackets all winter. very soft feeling fabric. wouldn't mind another one in a different color!	Knits
I bought the grey, which is a gorgeous color. i like the long length in the arms (though i tried it on in different colors and the arm length did very). soft and pretty. i like the length. the back does wrinkle, but i still like the shirt. it's loose, casual and flattering.	Knits
Ordered this online and thought it was more of a red than the true orange that it is	Knits
I love this shirt. i have it in black and purple. i found the fit tts and looks great casually with a scarf or dressed up with a nice necklace. you can't go wrong with a cute long sleeve shirt that is soft. i like the length goes just past my bottom in the back but not overwhelming.it is more fitted than last years style.	Knits
I bought this shirt in black and green and now bought the orange. it is casual and stylish at the same time. material is soft. great shirt!	Knits
I was undecided whether to get regular or petite. i am 5'4" but i didn't want it to be sloppy long. ordered the petite xs as other reviewers suggested ordering down and its perfect. length falls on me same as the model above. not heavy and very soft. casual but not sloppy. sleeves are a tad long which i prefer.	Knits
This is so comfortable, i had to buy another one. looks great under sleeveless sweaters. interesting texture adds interest.	Knits
This is a really great tunic. purchased it in black and it is very flattering. i love the side slit detail. the material may seem very casual, but it is extremely comfortable and can be dressed up. i'm 5'3" 130lbs and a s fits perfect.	Knits
I love this top (so cute and comfy!), but i wore it twice, washed it once on gentle and layed to dry.....now there are 2 small holes in the front. for as much as it cost, i would have expected it to be more durable. very disappointing, especially since i don't live near an retailer and can't take it back easily......	Knits
Luv the loose fit and quality fabric - great piece for layering.	Knits
A great everyday tee!! dress it up a bit with a great gold necklace!! looks nice with jeans and brown boots!!	Knits
I was really excited to get this top but unfortunately its going to have to go back. i am 5'6 120 and usually a s fits. however, this was really tight. also, the material is really really thin for the $90 price-tag. save yourself some money and avoid this one.	Knits
I love this top. it has a relaxed fit without being frumpy, and it looks great with boyfriend jeans or skinny jeans and boots. it's a great, soft fabric that doesn't require a cami underneath. wish there were other colors.	Knits
This top has great detailing and color. does run a little big, but adds to the style and movement of the tank. the stitching around the bottom makes it cute for layering.	Knits
I remember the first time i walked into an retailer store: like walking into a dream of all my favorite things. i've finally found a store whose products help me to express myself. as a writer, i love whimsical & out of the ordinary. i have found my honey hole. every time one of the pastel bags w/ribbon handles is past over the counter or i push 'add to cart' on my computer, i do a little happy dance in my heart. my closet is like a candy store filled with sweets & treats. thank you retailerp	Knits
Runs very large. ordered a smaller size due to other reviews but should have ordered several sizes smaller	Knits
This was exactly the item i was looking for. simple, black, stylish. unfortunately the fit is terrible and proportions completely off. the upper arms, chest and hips were ridiculously tight and the whole look was uncomfortable and flattering.	Dresses
Let me preface this by saying, im totally keeping this dress!it is kind of a weird design, but intriguing. i received it in the mail yesterday, i am 5'6", 125 lbs and have hips. as a previous reviewer mentioned, this dress is more fitted than a swing dress as it appears. fortunately the xs fit me just right - but i cannot gain another lb.my husband said that i looked like i was in a choir because of the higher neck design and bell sleeves, but he too found the dress somewhat alluring.	Dresses
I second that above review who states "worst blouse i've ever ordered"	Knits
Ordered size 12, it fits but pulls a tiny bit in the midsection. also way too long, hits below my knees. the dress is beautiful: crisp black color, nice fabric, great neck. it's also the kind of dress that must fit well to look good. i had to return mine.	Dresses
Totally my style, i love how it hangs and is so soft and comfy. material is thin enough to be fairly lightweight, and i was worried about it being clingy -- so happy it's not! body skimming and very flattering for full bust (v-neck helps here) if like me you don't like tight chested clothing. also love the length of this top. i'm 5'4" and 36ddd, size l fits me just how i like it.	Knits
I usually wear small, ordered xs and it's still way too large. quality not that great, just meh, returning it.	Knits
When i wore this dress i got tons of compliments! the quality is great along with the style.	Dresses
After reading other reviews i ordered a small. my usual size is a m. it was huge all around. it's a beautiful print but i think it would make a nice maternity top.	Knits
As soon as i saw this dress online, i knew i wanted it! i was immediately drawn to the belled sleeves and lace embellishment along the neck/shoulders. i ordered online, and was so happy with the fit and quality of the dress. i am 5'5 and it hits just an inch above my knee. it's the perfect little black dress for a fun date night or an event!	Dresses
I had been eyeing this top for awhile so decided to snag it when it went on sale. i'm still on the fence. i love the material and pattern but it is really long, and i'm 5'10". it looks very roomy with jeans but i still want to try it with tights and boots to see if that looks better. overall i think it is a great piece.	Knits
This is a beautiful piece. the fabric is a nice weight and the cut of the lace across the shoulders is flattering. the sleeves are dramatic, but not overly fussy. sadly i returned the dress because although it is a swing style (no waistline), it has a very straight cut. i was hoping it was more of an a-line silhouette to accommodate my hips, but alas. if you self-identify as a pear, this may not be the dress for you.	Dresses
There were no reviews, it's an "online exclusive" and thought it might look good with a nice skirt at an upcoming wedding. the spandex jersey back looks like sweat shirt material. on the white version of this, it is mismatched with an oatmeal color and white that just looks awful. as a busty 36d i was stunned to find myself swimming in a medium. it does not look like the photograph and the sleeve billow out. i feel like this had to have been clipped and tucked in for this photograph. i'm an anth	Knits
This is a darling dress! it is super flattering . . . except if you are a swimmer and have broad shoulders. unfortunately i had to return it because it pulled so tightly across my shoulders/chest. i ordered a size 4 and it was actually true to size other than failing to accomodate for an athletic upper body. i'm 5'4", 118 lbs. wish i could have kept this one!	Dresses
I am petite (5'). even the xsmall petite looked sloppy on me. i also disliked the nude fabric under the lace- it made it look cheap. i wanted this to be the perfect lbd, i just couldn't make it work on my body.	Dresses
Good quality tank. very flowy and longer if you are short.	Knits
I am in between sizes (and styles) after having a baby. this dress looks great on my curvy figure and enhances my look with the cinching of the belt and the detail of the flutter sleeves. perfect length and really fits well. i am very happy with it!	Dresses
I purchased this and another eva franco dress during retailer's recent 20% off sale. i was looking for dresses that were work appropriate, but that would also transition well to happy hour or date night. they both seemed to be just what i was looking for. i ordered a 4 regular and a 6 regular, as i am usually in between sizes. the 4 was definitely too small. the 6 fit, technically, but was very ill fitting. not only is the dress itself short, but it is very short-waisted. i am only 5'3", but it fe	Dresses
This top is so comfortable to wear. the way that it hangs makes it as light as air. wonderful for hot weather. the pattern is beautiful!	Knits
This shirt style is boxy, however, the material is soft and this shirt is very comfortable. i love the look of the cuffs. this is a fun shirt to wear	Knits
This top is so pretty in person. it bells out at the bottom just the right amount.	Knits
Easter ??mother's day tea??baby shower??i'm 5'2" 120# and ordered a 4p. true to size. beautifully made, flowy, feminine. i can't wait to wear this!	Dresses
I saw this in the store today, tried on a small and a medium and a medium fit me better which is unusual. usually i am a small. this top is fitted around the chest and flowing at the bottom, a little longer than usual but the pattern is so pretty that i got it. i am 5'4" 135 pounds and got a medium.	Knits
This top is beautifully made and designed.material is soft and comfortable however it's very boxy. the details on the side stick out.i just found it not very flattering for me.	Knits
This is such a pretty dress. i was worried the arm holes would be too big since it was hard to see them in the pictures, but they are perfect! there is a built in red slip underneath. it is so cute on and really flattering by itself or even with some white skinny crop jeans underneath!	Dresses
I tried wearing it, however, i thought i needed courage to wear this tank.unfortunately, i did not purchase this tank although i liked color and design.first, it runs small than the regular size. it feels even smaller because my size is xs.in addition, it tends to exaggerate a body line.i am not quite sure why this happens, but maybe it is just the way this tank is.if you are confident about your upper body posture, then yes, it would look very cool.however, if you have thin postur	Knits
Very nice soft fabric, has a nice swingy drape and flair. i use it to work out in , sleep in and just hang out around the house. could be paired with white pink or black leggings and a scarf too. very happy with this purchase.	Knits
I love this dress so very much! i wish i could keep it, but it doesn't look right on me. i am 5'2, 100lbs, 32b, 24 waist, 33 hip. dress fit me well except for the fact that it made me look very wide. i think the combination of the ruffles on the sleeves with the blousey-ness and my short stature was not a great combo. it will be amazing on tall slender women, but did not flatter my short frame :( otherwise beautiful	Dresses
This fit me perfectly. i'm petite and it is a little long but i like the length. it's perfect! so cute	Knits
This is a very nice top, however, it was too large for me. i ordered a medium and needed a small. i am 5'9",145 lbs.i will try again with a small.	Knits
The fabric is soft and the colors are bright. it fits well over the shoulders and the neckline is placed just right on the chest. the bottom portion of the tank is more of a swing style item than a form fitting tank. i am very pleased with the top and will wear it often.	Knits
Caught my eye because of the colorful graphic print, in my closet because of the super sale price. it fits as expected in size medium, a little bit long since i'm short. i'm unsure of the longevity since it's a viscose mix. feels a little scratchy so if you're sensitive, be aware. i don't really wear tank tops without layers so this is a great addition to my casual wardrobe.	Knits
I love this! i agree with previous post that say it is much better in person. the fabric is high quality but not too thick. i bought this to have something light to wear on a trip to italy and it will be perfect. the color is so lovely and the flowy detail at the hem makes it unique. it's a basic without being basic. i'm so glad i added it to my wardrobe.	Knits
I tried this on at antho today and loved it! the pictures online are not doing this garment any favors. it is flattering in person. the fabric is a light fabric-i was a little disappointed in this since i like things to be a little warmer, but this is probably better anyway with spring coming (it is coming, right?-today it's snowing) i like the under-layer that is kind of silky which i think adds a special touch to it. it is versatile and could be paired with anything.	Knits
This dress is really cute, it's not a complete bag on you. i read that other reviewers complained about the fact that it is see-through. and that is the case, but i own multiple pairs of skin-toned underwear and did not find this to be a problem. the fabric is lightweight, but perfect for the summer. it does wrinkle, but a steamer is your best friend.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress, but i couldn't. it ran large and heavy. rather than a sleek cocktail dress, it felt more like a heavy sack once i put it on. there was one upside: the drape in the back did not appear to drop quite as low, so finding a bra to wear under the dress might be easier than if it draped as low as it appears in the picture.	Dresses
More importatn, super soft matieral and comfortbale, hwoever, when i put it on, ilfelt like i was wearing a robe... i do like the detial in the fabric, but jsut dind't feel right as cardigan. maybe purchase if you are looking for a light robe.true to size, tried on xs, maybe petite would work too.	Knits
This is a pretty dress, although it runs smaller and the colors aren't as vibrant as on the website. the waist ran very small for me in a size 10 which is my normal size and normally runs looser in the waist area as i have an hour glass figure. this probably will look very nice on someone smaller.	Dresses
I wanted so badly to love this dress, but i couldn't get past the thin material that you can actually see through. not for this price anyhow. the dress is shorter than i had anticipated, and more fitted around the waistline flaring out at the bottom which i feel isn't accurately portrayed in the photo. on the positive though, the color is beautiful and the neck line stunning, but alas will be returning.	Dresses
I have another paper crown dress that is a favorite. this dress has the same quality and i love the print, which is somewhere between abstract and almost animal. unfortunately, the fit did not work for me. i am large-busted and need a bra. this dress cuts in at the shoulders and did not work with any of my bras except strapless. also, the waist cinches but without a defined band. this looked a bit more frumpy. again, i suspect the fault is in my figure, not the dress.for someone with a smaller	Dresses
This dress is adorable. the material is thin and wrinkles easily but it is so flattering. the cut is a little flowy like typical off-the-shoulder dresses but this one is cut in at the waist so your figure is not swallowed up. it combines the sexy summer vibe of an off-the-shoulder look but flatters like a fit and flare dress. it is fairly short. while i am only 5'4" in an xs it falls just a bit further up on my legs than the model pictured (makes no sense to me). the color is a rich coral pink a	Dresses
Cute design. runs big in neckline, falls off shoulder exposing bra straps. fabric is very thin. sloppy look on short petite frame. 5'1" 142lbs 34-36 c/d. purchased a medium. haven't washed it yet, but the fabric doesn't look like it will hold up well. i have kept it to wear as a sleep shirt with thin gray sleep sweats.	Knits
Was really excited for this dress and couldn't be more disappointed. doesn't look anything like the pictures.the fabric feels...cheap. it came wadded up in a ball and is a wrinkled mess. looking beyond that, i tried it on and thought i had put it on incorrectly. unfortunately not. the top half doesn't sit correctly. it's so bizarre that it seems like a flaw in the design. it doesn't sit on your shoulders, but doesn't look right off your shoulders. the neckline is very high. also, front b	Dresses
Great buy on sale. i wanted a foundation tee to wear under cardigans and it's great for that. perfect length, interesting, textured fabric. i got the white in a large. fits well. a bit oversized but in a good way. stick to your normal size.	Knits
I wasn't sure how this dress would be sized, so i ordered it in two different sizes and kept the smaller one. i would say it does run a little bit large, but not much.i agree with other reviewers that the dress came kind of wrinkled, but overall the dress is like it was pictured. i think that this dress might be better for taller women - i am 5'8", and i think it fits well, but i could see how it would not be flattering if i were much shorter. overall, i am excited to wear this!	Dresses
I was really looking forward to this dress. i tried it on and it does not wow like the picture. it came wrinkled, but i think even pressed it would fall weird. the side swoop falls funny, and you can see the seams underneath. and the top front falls funny, not quite sure what to do with it. it almost looks like a mock turtleneck until you fold it down. again, maybe if you get it pressed that would be better. the back is still beautiful though. i'm 5'3" 115lbs ordered a 0. maybe on someone talle	Dresses
Love this! fits great. warm and soft. would recommend	Knits
I tried this cardigan on today at retailer and i absolutely loved it! it's much cuter in real life than it looks online. it's a perfect sweater for my skinny jeans--long sweater--tall boots winter uniform.	Knits
I agree with the other viewers that this cardigan is significantly better looking in person. i am 5'7" 126 lbs and bought the medium. it is more fitted than how it is on the model. it keeps its shape after multiple wears and is very comfortable. i'm glad i have it!	Knits
This is a great piece, you can do many things with it. i wore it to work and church :)	Knits
The lace front is more detailed than i expected, but in a good way. the sleeves are softer on the outside, but the inside is not too scratchy as others have said, in my opinion. it is comfy but i feel that the lace part is fragile and i will need to be mindful of where i'm sitting when wearing it. not a deal breaker though...	Knits
I am a teacher and love finding cute, comfortable clothes. i wore this for the first time today and got compliments all day long! i felt so stylish, and i was still able to do what i needed to do!	Knits
I sized down from my typical size small. beautiful detail on the back. slightly sheer in front but dark bra or cami fixes that. shorter in front than back but not too short. goes with jeans and pants plus a shorter cardigan or denim jacket would look great.	Knits
I saw this and had to have it! it is so beautiful. it has pops of color that can be paired with so many options. i like the uniqueness of the flowers being on the backside. it is thinner fabric, so i will have to wear a black cami underneath but i have no problem with that. especially, going into cooler weather anyway. it is very flattering on. this one will go fast. thank you retailer!	Knits
I have gotten so many compliments on this top. it does run very large- i'm normally a large, returned for a medium, which is still a bit on the large size. the small was even still large but much shorter so i loved it so much i just took the medium. it's a 'tent' style or 'trapeze' style which doesn't completely show in the images. super nice, thin linen-like cotton and absolutely beautiful. love it!	Knits
This top is lovely and so perfect for this time of year when you want to look fall-ish but when it's still too hot to wear long sleeves. but i'm pretty sure it's navy, not black. very dark navy, yes. still, not black. compared to every other black top in my closet it looks navy. so that was a little disappointing. but i'm keeping it because i'm a sucker for a flowy top, and i can wear it right now.	Knits
This top is fun to wear & looks great with black, grey or my wine color jeans!! love it!	Knits
I'm not entirely sure if this shirt just runs large or if it fits oddly/boxy. the flowered material puffs out on the sides a couple of inches under my arms... i'm usually a pretty solid size medium, but i think i'm going to try to exchange this for a small to see if that solves that weird fit issue, because it is a nice idea of a design and comfortable overall. but, if that doesn't solve the trick, if not recommend, b/c that side puffiness isn't flattering.	Knits
I bought this blouse with the 30% off price- i don't think i would pay full price for it, but for the sale price i think it's fair. as the other reviewers have said, it's definitely navy in front, not black, but it's a nice color combination and can be worn with dark jeans, or with black pants for a more casual work look. it's sheer, but a dark cami underneath fixes the problem. i think it fits true to size, with the understanding that it's supposed to be flow-y and loose.	Knits
This dress fits true to size- i ordered an 8 and it fits like a glove. it is a bit shorter than i thought (i'm 5'8'') but will be perfect with leggings in the winter and for the weekend in spring. it is a nice weight linen, not too thin. the dots aren't white, they're more light blue. very cute dress!	Dresses
I was really hopeful that this top would work on me because it is so cute online. however, i was very disappointed when i finally received it. the sleeves look soft and snuggy in the picture but are actually a bit stiff and scratchy in person. i could almost get over the sleeves, but the white part of the shirt was horrible. i am 5'10 and a size 6. i wear a size small at retailer, and i got a small in this top. the bottom of the shirt was a tad short on me and hit just below my belt line-- which i	Knits
The longer back makes this one of my favorite pieces for fall. the navy blue pairs well with the floral accents on the back. this blouse is a little too sheer for my liking, but nothing a cami cannot fix.	Knits
This is a beautiful dress. the dress is a lighter blue when compared to the picture, and the fabric is thick but the shape is beautiful. the waist is very fitted but it didn't feel uncomfortable. i didn't think the fabric was itchy as others mentioned. i do think it is a bit short on the front (it is a high low dress), but at 5'4" that is not a problem for me. it was true to size for me (135 lbs, 34c).	Dresses
I was very excited to receive this dress because of the cute photo. however, upon arrival i was completely disappointed. the color is much more drab than the photo. the smudged polkadots weren't attractive. there were many little bumps and pulls in the linen. the dress is super heavy. the pleats around the waist did not lay correctly.and it adds 10 pounds to your hips! super sad! i am sending it back.	Dresses
I ordered this dress on a whim in my normal size 8 and if fits perfectly! i felt so pretty when i put it on. i love the volume of the skirt with the tighter top. it was very flattering to me. the linen thickness was nice but not for summer in florida maybe spring. but its lovely!	Dresses
These tailored front flowy back tops don't always work. this is long enough to wear with leggings and quite flattering	Knits
I ordered this after falling in love with the near-identically-patterned red linen shirtdress - this dress has almost exactly the same construction, but the cloth is slightly heavier-weight, and there is no slip (because the fabric is thick enough to not need one). a few other reviewers mentioned that the cut was ill-fitting or unflattering - obviously, that depends on the wearer's build - this dress seems cut for relatively small-busted people, so i lucked out. i love the classic a-frame outlin	Dresses
The models pose and description are misleading. this top has absolutely no shape to it. the front of the shirt is kind of like a slub shirt texture, plain black. the back print is nice,just more faded than shown in picture. the entire design has no form. it is huge. also cheaply made.	Knits
This dress was an adorable a-line in the front and a shift dress (no pleats) in the back. tack onto that a high-low hemline and it's just trying to be too many things. would've loved to see this dress as a true a-line/fit-and-flare. it would've been perfect. fits true to size.	Dresses
Love the design! fabric is very light and flowy. i like a tank underneath for a little extra coverage. runs a little wide. size down. such a fun top, i've had tons of compliments! i usually wear a size 8 and i purchased a medium but wish that i had sized down to a small.	Knits
I thought this was a sweet design but it is too boxy for me.	Knits
I thought this top was so pretty and airy, but it just didn't work out. i typically wear an xl in retailer and was able to size down to a l in this top. i ended up returning because the front is pretty sheer and the black tented out in a weird way about half-way down (there is a seam across and without this it would have hung perfectly). disappointed.	Knits
Such a cute top! can be dressed up or down. i wore it on sting break and had many compliments.	Knits
I loved this shirt! flattering and pretty. it's hand wash only or dry clean. i hand washed it and the blue t-shirt part of the shirt shrank, and now the front of the shirt is too short for me. would not recommend due to shrinkage... too bad.	Knits
I tried this one with the free ship/20% without much expectation so i was surprised by this nice piece. i am not usually a fan of sheer shirts, but this one manages to be sheer yet not see through! the black color works that magic. the linen makes this a nicer material rather than the usual knit. i am not usually a linen fan as it gives me the itches, but this is soft and light. the back is really beautiful and brighter colors in person. the balance between the front and back lengths does work a	Knits
Very comfortable. runs a little large. purchased a medium and probably should have gone with a small.	Knits
I had such high hopes for this, but the fit was really strange. i ordered my usual size small, but it is huge. the sides of the top are very wide and boxy, and the back hangs far from my body, very droopy. even if i got a smaller size, the design/fit is not for me. i like the linen front of the blouse, though it is quite sheer. the fabric on the back has a pretty design, but it appears to be stamped on thin black cloth, rather than the richly-colored fabric i saw in the picture. i am truly disap	Knits
I couldn't wait to try this on because i love the brand holding horses! this dress did not disappoint! although i detest the difficulty with side zippers (why can't they simply return to the back seam?) i was easily able to pull this dress on because it had some give to the fabric. once on, the dress has a very flattering fit over the bust (the wrap over bodice is already secured with a stitch) and through the tummy. i believe these were sized s,m, l so i took my regular medium.length wise, par	Dresses
I'd been eyeing this dress for a while, wondering if it could work for me. i wound up ordering the sp size when it went on sale. its pretty perfect-i am 5'4' and currently 130 lbs. it fits well, if a touch loose in the waist, but i think if i had purchased the xsp it might be too snug through the bust, as it's fairly fitted there. the neckline comes a little lower than i usually wear, which is part of why i wanted to order the petite size rather than the regular (that and the length), but i can	Dresses
I ordered this in grey first but didn't care for the black lace ---- so, decided to try the cream/beige/neutral and i just love it. i have areas i am trying to "cover up" and this really fits the bill without looking too much like an oversized tunic. the back is the clincher. different and surprising. washes excellently, but i did line dry as i was afraid of shrinkage. if there are any left you won't be sorry and the neutral color looks good on almost everyone!	Knits
This dress is just very unattractive. it is quite short-waisted, almost empire and so the pockets hit in an odd place. also it is very long - midi length - and the skirt is very wide. the effect is matronly, not cute at all. size-wise it fit true to size and it is a nice medium weight denim and the construction is good.	Dresses
I admit, i did not intend to buy a jean-dress but the cut - i could not pass it up. classic and vintage dress style. the fringy hem and more conservative length is so fun and makes the strapless top stand out. with a stunning necklace this will be a versatile piece. no doubt.	Dresses
I first saw this shirt on one of the workers at the retailer stores and it looked beautiful. i loved it so much i had to order it when it came on sale. the fit is a little too short for my liking, but i think i can make it work. also, it does fit a little snug around the arms but it at least it doesn't show your undergarments. overall, i think it is absolutely beautiful. the fabric has a beautiful shimmer to it and it looks easy to dress up for a day at the office or a night on the town, or paired	Knits
I went into the store not expecting to walk out with this dress. i just happened to try it on in an xs and i loved it. i probably could have gone with a petite because it's long but it didn't bother me enough and i didn't want to wait for it to be ordered. it's nicely fitted through the waist and definitely looks better with a belt. the downside is that the lining is short (mid thigh) and tends to bunch up underneath which then makes it puff out slightly. this didn't bother me enough to return i	Dresses
I am mad for plaid--this dress is my new favorite!! why? i'll tell you!! the picture online does not do it justice, but you must add a belt. the dress is cut lower in the front, but has a great stitch to keep it from gaping open over my d cup chest. the material is soft and breathable. the xsp was perfect for my 5'2" frame, my typical size.	Dresses
This top is adorable; fits like a glove which makes me a little nervous...there were no washing instructions attached so i will hope for the best. the quality of your garments are always excellent; its only the risk of buying on line (sizing) which makes me hold my breath until i can try my order on. it is a joy to get items that fit from retailer, my favorite online store!	Knits
Such an adorable and comfortable dress! just love the fit, the design and the comfort of the denim fabric. it's quite flattering, fit's true to size and i can't wait to wear it to casual parties all summer long! highly recommend! lots ofoptions too with dressing it up a bit more with fun high healed sandals or a pretty shrug and just as nice to wear with flip flops or keds! i 5'5" and usually a size 4 and it fit true to size....grab it while you still can!	Dresses
I like the natural fiber of this dress- both the lining and outer layer are comfortable, breathable cotton. the dress has a casual contemporary vibe with the plaid weave and asymmetrical hem, but is surprisingly fitted in some areas. the bust of the xsp was too tight for me, and as a 34 b i don't usually have the problem of being too busty for my clothes. i normally wear an xsp in a dress that seems loose and flowy like this one, but this dress is more fitted than you might suspect from the webs	Dresses
I "studied" this dress for weeks before i finally bought it. i am soooo glad i bought it. much more fabulous than the picture. soft, quality denim that is not too heavy for summer. very fitted on top. love the pockets and the torn hem.	Dresses
This dress has great potential. i happen to have a longer torso so the fit was off. as a previous review stated, it's short waisted and a lot a skirt which i agree, the hem is also funky. i am still deciding if i want to keep it, but if i do, i plan on altering the skirt to be narrower and hemming it a bit shorter too. for reference, i'm 5'3" and weigh 110 and i purchased a size 0.	Dresses
This sweatshirt is very cute on. it works well with leggings or skinny jeans. it's the perfect thing to wear when you want to be comfortable but still look feminine.	Knits
I agree with the other reviewers about the versatility and the fit of the dress. i am 5'9" and yes the pockets hit just a tad high, but the fit of the bodice and bust is so great that i am willing to overlook this small flaw. the only thing that has really bothered me about the dress, that i haven't seen anyone else comment on is the slightly strange odor from the denim. maybe it just happens to be my particular dress, but i have noticed this strange smell from a pair of seven jeans i had purcha	Dresses
I loved this dress the second i saw it in the catalog and had to have it! i had been looking for a plaid dress for awhile but couldn't find anything that i fell in love with till this one. i love the front of the dress and the asymmetrical details. it's just beautiful. my only complaint would be that the back of the dress is pretty blah. after all the awesome going on in front, i was disappointed in the view from behind, but i still love this dress and will be keeping it and wearing it for a lon	Dresses
This tank (in black) is nice quality, most of the fringe hangs straight and seems to be attached well. it's just too short and too boxy for my figure (curvy/hips). would look good on someone who has straight hips and is not long waisted. since that doesn't describe me, it has to go back.	Knits
When i saw this dress the model was standing in an outdoor setting and i fell in love with it but then i noticed the model in an indoors photo the dress looked different. as i studied the difference, it was the way the plaid fell on each dress. the one i liked fell more vertically giving it a slimming effect and the others were horizontal giving it a widening effect so, i went to my local retailer to see. they had the one i liked on a dummy. it is tts and the plaid matched perfectly. the front flo	Dresses
I'm a sucker for plaid. i tried another plaid shirtdress from retailer, and it looked like a housecoat on me. this is lovely - a bit fitted, but very relaxed and casual. i'll be able to dress it up for casual days at work. it's got enough lovely details to be stylish. i think the waist looks a bit simple, so a belt helps dress it up. the sleeves finish with a button, so it looks polished, or they can be rolled up. i love it with booties!	Dresses
Super cute dress and very flattering. simple, fresh, and fun!	Dresses
Let's face it, this dress isn't perfect for all body types, but fits mine perfectly. i"m 5'5" 120(it) lbs. i love the cut and the unfinished bottom feels very causal when need be or a little more refined when needed. the zipper has a long denim piece attached to help with zipping up. the denim is soft and lays nicely. i suppose the fact that i got it on sale does make me love it that much more, but i keep putting it on. with a closet full of clothes and sun dresses in particular, i still keep pu	Dresses
I love the pattern and colors of this dress. the quality of the fabric is great. i initially ordered my usual size xs, but found it a bit roomy so i ordered both an xsp and an xxs. the xxs was more fitted and the xsp was too short in my opinion. i am still on the fence about the xs and the xxs. the xxs has a tighter fit, but it is also tight in the bust and i wonder how it will be if i have to reach for something - will it be too tight? even though the xs runs slightly big, i can still work with	Dresses
The torso runs a bit long, but this is otherwise a comfortable, and cute dress.	Dresses
Every single time i was in a store, this dress caught my eye. there was never a large or xl to try on; however, so when a free shipping offer came up, i took a chance and ordered both. the xl was too large; the large was much better, but a little snug, so if it shrunk, i would have been out of luck. if i would have kept one, it would have been the large; however, they are both going back. a plaid dress sounds like a good idea for the winter when you look at it on the hanger, but on a body, it is	Dresses
The dress is well-structured and refined enough to wear with a cardigan to work on casual fridays but fun enough to wear on its own to a summer festival. because of the length, i would suggest wearing with heels, as it hits below the knee. i would suggest a size down, especially if you are smaller-busted.	Dresses
This is my third dress-the first one was the right size, but the plaid fell on the dress in an awkward way. the second one was a size too small, but this one is perfect! i am wearing it with a belt and loving it!	Dresses
Walked into the store and the first thing that caught my eye was this dress. great pattern and fabric, a quality, versatile piece. i am a size 4 and purchased an xs petite, seems to run just a tad big.	Dresses
Amazing, beautiful dress that is very slimming and elegant, while casual. but it is only for smaller busted women! i have a medium and am a 34c - it's tight and pulls strangely. i've seen that comment elsewhere. i tried on the large and it was too big everywhere but the bust.	Dresses
I was looking for a dress to conceal my post baby body but wanted to be able to wear it once i lost the extra weight and this dress does the job! the fit is very flattering and it hangs nicely. great material.	Dresses
I had my eye on this dress since it fist came out, but hesitated to order due to some of the lower reviews. when i got a chance to try it on - i loved it! i did go up a size. i am 5'5" so i had it shortened to above the knee, i didn't mind losing the unfinished hem - had the hem match that of the pockets. i am a 34c but the bodice is stable and even if i pull at it, it stays put! so happy to find this, especially on sale! i plan to wear it at our company party which is help on a large charter bo	Dresses
Like some other reviewers, i, too, have to comment on the dress's fit. the dress doesn't fit right around the bust or the waist. as a seamstress myself, i know that the problem is that it doesn't have any darts in the bust, and thus the bust and the waist are just about the same size. this dress really just needed a few of these extra hidden details to fit right. while a belt helps, i don't think it helps enough to justify the price. it's too bad--i think the concept of it is cool, and i was rea	Dresses
I want to love this dress. it's cute and fits well...except that the hem has been taken out! it looks like it had a hem that was removed, and they left the crease remnant and frayed edge. looks very sloppy on the bottom. to keep this dress, i would have to pay a seamstress to hem it, and i don't want to pay extra money for something that should already be done.	Dresses
Dress is awesome and makes you look skinnier.	Dresses
I'm 5'6", 125 lbs, wear size 2 or 4 normally, and small or extra small. 34b bra. i tried on size 2 and it fit great. this dress rocks! i live the soft material and side pockets. not a lover of a line skirts, but this one is subtle. i do need a strapless bra, but if you are more endowed than me, you won't need it. the hem is unseamed, leaving it a bit edgy. since the denium is light i can wear ghis dress now and into summer. i live in texas so probabley won't be wearing it after june. covering my	Dresses
I ordered this online with out previously trying it on and it fit nicely! just love the colors, draping and material. nice and light, good spring or fall dress. i wore it with black flats but it would look great with booties too. very flattering. i received a ton of compliments!	Dresses
Strapless dresses can be so flattering so when i saw this on retailer i had to order it! this dress did not disappoint. for reference i ordered a size 4 and i am 5'5", 135 lbs, 34b chest. in the chest area it fits perfectly, while the ribcage area is a little snug, but not uncomfortably so. the pockets are great. the denim quality is great. and i like the frayed bottom of dress. i got compliments straight away on the beauty of the dress from two men. which i thought was quite interesting because i	Dresses
I bought this top in two colors because i need more statement tops and thought the colors were different enough for a really great top. i have only worn the ivory so far and love it. comfortable, great style and solid quality so the fringe isn't fraying or falling out.if i could change one thing it would be the itchiness around the neck opening. it's not horrible but it can be distracting and mildly uncomfortable.i am really happy with the tops and can't wait to start wearing the black one t	Knits
Very comfortable and soft. i wish the neck was a bit lower and it runs on the large side. i am 5'7" wear a 10/12, i ordered the l and it was very big on me, will try it in the m, though i'm worried that it will be too high in the waist on me.	Dresses
I got the small; 5'7" 150 lbs,pear shaped. fit was a little sung,mainly due to the lining.i wore it once already- super cute.i washed it in cold and line dried it as i was afraid of shrinkage.i thought about getting a medium but all sizes except xs are sold out. i must be careful not to gain any more weight,otherwise the dress won't fit me anymore!	Dresses
This denim dress is best worn by someone over 5' 8". i had to spend a lot to have it taken up and it still doesn't look that great. so if you don't want to pay over $200 once altered, do not buy this dress.the best part of the dress is the top. it was true to size on top.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in a size 6. for reference i am 5'7", 145 lbs. i love it! the fit is perfect. unlike other reviews, i was aware the hem was unfinished, and i like the look. the top part does not seem to short. the style, to me is kinda retro. i wore the dress with flip-flops and a large chunky necklace. i received lot's of compliments, it is my favorite dress right now!	Dresses
I need to start by saying i'm 5' 10". i think that's why i love this dress so much. it's not too short on me like so many. it is a classic fit that is flattering on me. the raw edge detail makes it a little more fun then just a strapless denim dress and the pockets are the best! i love dresses with pockets! they don't stick out weird or anything either. the only negative which prevents the perfect 5 star review is the bottom is fuller than i would like. a-line is a little misleading. it's defini	Dresses
The beaded shoulders make this a unique tee shirt. it turns an ordinary tee shirt into a more eye-catching one. i bought 2 different colors and love them. i prefer the little boxier fit as it is very flattering. the material is a nice weight, not too thin.	Knits
This has a nice vintage cut and soft feel with the metal detailing of a blinded out rock n roll tee. it's perfect with jeans, a leather skirt or even lounge pants. it's a great top to throw in an overnight bag for a weekend away because it's so versatile.	Knits
I love this shirt! it fits great and looks awesome with shorts or skinny jeans. i love the beads on the shoulders. i liked it so much that i ordered it in 2 colors.	Knits
This dress is beautiful as pictured on the model. but on me, not so much. i am normally a size 0/00 with a 32b bra size. i ordered this dress in an xs and it was just too big and boxy. i also thought the material was going to be thicker, but it was very thin and didn't seem to fall right on my body. beautiful design, just not the right material or fit.	Dresses
Cute top, i actually got a lot of compliments on it. the white is slightly see through, which doesn't bother me but could bother other people. all around cute casual piece.	Knits
Love the tee in the red. it's not too sheer and the metal detail on the shoulders turns it from a simple tee to a tee with a little more pizazz. fits true to size. i take either a medium or large in retailer and this in a size large fits well. it is a bit boxy, but not sloppy. on sale it's a great deal.	Knits
The simplicity of this t-shirt will go with jeans, shorts, or anything casual. the macrame and bead details give it that extra style. i bought the red and white, and love them both. the red is warm and bright, with pink undertones. despite the boxiness of the fit, it ran true to size for me. i did not think it was too big; its meant to be loose and slouchy rather than fitted.	Knits
This top is lovely. it's got a decent length to it, so it can be tucked into nice pants or a skirt. the gold beading design on the shoulders is a little heavy, which can sometimes cause it to slip/sag off the shoulder -- not entirely off, but enough to reveal a bra strap for a kind of off-shoulder look! it's very flattering if you tuck it in, or even if you don't. i got this top in red, and it's lovely --a little more towards than coral side than crimson.	Knits
I read the other review that said the shirt was boxy, i didn't think it would be a terribly big deal. unfortunately, it is. normally i wear a size s, so i sized down o an xs. the shirt fits in the sleeves and neckline, but the shirt is still very box and now super short. unfortunately, this is going back. not a good fit. adorable details but the fit is terrible.	Knits
I'm 5'5, 145lbs and i'm usually a small/medium depending on the vendor. i bought this shirt in a red, medium and love it. yes, it's boxy and a little big but lays nicely and i think it's meant to be a bit big. i've worn a black cami underneath and the shoulder hangs off a little to the side giving a little extra sexy look to it. this shirt washes well per instructions, didn't shrink or loose it's shape and i've washed it three times now. i've had many compliments on how cute this shirt is, love	Knits
I just bought this shirt on sale. i'd been eyeing it for a bit and when it went on sale i had to get it. its really cute and comfortable and fits really nicely. it's not too short or boxy and the detail on the sleeves is great.	Knits
The red is so pretty in-person. i love the details on the sleeves... only complaint is the fit is pretty boxy and couldn't size down because it is borderline to short in length. did buy it today and we will see if it work out!!	Knits
I bought this shirt specifically for the extra details on the shoulder. when i received the shirt, it was a little stiffer than i expected but not enough to return it for being too uncomfortable.	Knits
Cute design. details on shoulder make the tshirt more special but it runs large so that kind of takes away from the styling. got it on super sale, so i'll keep it. maybe a wash will shrink it a bit...	Knits
The metal detail @ the shoulders is the perfect touch to an otherwise ordinary tee. regarding sizing. i am 5' 4", 36dd and i usually have to buy l in tops and make alterations. after reading the other reviews i ordered a m & s. because my shoulders are narrow the s fit better. front measurement shoulder to hem is 24" on both the s and the m. plenty of length for me. i also wasn't looking for a tight fit around the waist and tucking in just the front as shown on the model looks great. i saw thi	Knits
I'm normally an xl, but i bought a l since so many said it was big and boxy. the l fit great. it's tailored to the body, but not tight-fitting, just as shown on the model.the detailing at the shoulders is heavy, compared to the light knit of the fabric of this tee. so, it pulls the neckline forward a bit. i bought the red and wow! it's a bright, fireengine red that's just stunning. it looks lighter in the photo. it arrived all squished up in a little tiny roll so it was really wrinkled.	Knits
I slightly balked at the cost, but i am completely satisfied and glowing about the product, and it is made in the usa. in these times, that means a lot. 100% supima cotton and the perfect design with reasonable deep v-neck, front and back and the slightly lengthened sides, very ultimate design for a tee. i bought the dark grey; the tag says "wash before wearing", which is one extra step... still, i find this supima cotton tee pretty much divine. i bought the dark grey in medium, my usual ( size	Knits
I saw this dress online and thought it looked just ok. i happened to see the dress in my retailer store today, and thought i would try it. i'm so glad i did. this dress looks so much better on. i'm usually a 10-12 in dresses at retailer, i tried this in a large. it fit perfect. it's doesn't cling to you, but it doesn't hang like a sack either. i think it made me look taller and thin. woohoo. i would say it's a little on the thinner side, it's not a heavy knit. it's two layers of thinner knit , as yo	Dresses
Wearing this dress for the first time now, and i love it! soft material, comfortable, and easy to dress up or dress down, making it good for all kinds of different occasions.i was a bit nervous about the initial purchase due to other reviews saying this dress isn't great for pear shapes, but i whole-heartedly disagree! i think it actually just needs a belt for those of us with particularly curvy figures - i'm wearing a belt around my natural waist, and have bloused out the top and it looks g	Dresses
I received this dress today for a june wedding. i was so excited about it and the quality is beautiful but unfortunately i am going to have to return it. it runs very big. i normally like to wear items a bit bigger/baggier but with this dress it needs to be tight on the sides. bummer :(	Dresses
I would not have tried this on or ordered it by myself, but my stylist brought it over for me to try (as it was on promotion). well, ok, i get it, i actually liked it on, but the regular size was too big in the arm hole... thinking of it, i should have ordered the xxs... maybe i will.flattering style, comfrotable fabric, really nice overall...	Dresses
I was really excited about this dress. i had only seen it online and it looked like the perfect transitional piece, casual or dress up. when it arrived in the mail, the feel of the fabric was great and i slipped it on and it was so comfy i felt like i was wearing a nightdress. unfortunately it hung like that, too. the material sags in places it shouldn't. i have a 5'8" 125 lb frame, and i ordered an extra small, and both my husband and sister said it was unflattering and urged me to send it back	Dresses
This is an all-purpose outfit, well-made, good material. it can be worn many ways.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in oatmeal the minute i saw it online. i'm 5'5 and 115 lbs. and my usual xs fits perfectly. i would say this dress will be the most flattering on a long lean body type. (it will show bumps and bulges.). i will wear it asap with booties and a jacket. and it also looks great with flip flops or sandals for the summer. very happy!	Dresses
I like how this dress is really different and fun with the slit up the front and the short layer revealed underneath. it can be worn in many seasons. i wore it yesterday with sandals but i could also see wearing it with booties and a cardigan. cute dress!	Dresses
I wanted to love this but if you carry your weight in your hips, butt or thighs this is not the dress for you. runs tts. i'm 5'5, 135 lb and the small fit but made my lower half look even wider than what it it. also felt like it was a bit too long in length.	Dresses
I was so excited to try this on after having discovered it on the retailer app and stepping into the store and seeing it. on the hanger it looked alright, but once i slipped it on, it's like everything i've got going for me disappeared. granted, i'm s little bottom heavy, so these types of dresses don't typically flatter my body type anyways.	Dresses
Cute and comfortable. has layered design with black underneath which adds dimension and warmth. can wear in multiple seasons with and without jacket.	Dresses
I like the dress on line: color flowers, cut, etc. but when i tried it on it was just meh... the color did wash me out a bit, the flowers are still beautiful, but the cut wasn't as flattering on my body as it was on the model. 0p fit ok, but i didn't keep it. you ahve to tie your own shoulder straps, so adjustable, i guess that is a plus.115 lbs 30 dd, 26.5 in waist	Dresses
Such a beautiful, well-made dress! the color of the dress is slightly more pink in person -- a very pale pink. the lining is an off-white color. it fits very well, aside from being a bit long (i'm 5' and ordered the xxs petite). so glad paper crown is making xxs p now!	Dresses
I got several compliments when i wore this dress. it's very comfortable and will be great for fall.	Dresses
A cute dress. i did not have the issue with the slip being too tight. i wish it had a little more shape to it. while flowy, it looks a tiny bit tent-like. i still like it and wear it into fall with booties and boots!	Dresses
Really comfortable dress to wear. pretty flower design. good fabric and ribbon details are well placed. thankful it came with a cotton under slip because it's very sheer fabric and i didn't have to think of what to put underneath. have worn it twice since it shipped and i'm really happy with my purchase. online order and shipment was super fast too.	Dresses
I purchased a petite size which fit great except for the slip. the slip is at least 2 inches shorter than dress. super comfy and flattering! perfect for fall with at pair of booties.	Dresses
I really like this dress. despite the somewhat gathered skirt, it has a clean line and doesn't add a lot of volume around the hips. the blue is a great color. the length is well above the knee but i'm 5'10". i can see wearing this dress in the fall with leggings or tights and boots.	Dresses
I have a holding horses dress similar to this one from about a year ago. i loved the swinging fit without it looking like a maternity dress.  the fit and style of this dress is wonderful, it's the color that killed it for me.  i ordered the "orange" because i liked the photo on the model. when the dress arrived in the mail, i could hardly take it out of the package and try it on.  the color is almost neon orange.  too much for this redhead. hard to wear that bright neony color. not sure	Dresses
This dress ran small in the arms for me. when i returned it for a bigger size, the dress i got had a huge rip in the decorative threading on the back. i can't believe the product wasn't checked for flaws this huge before shipping. i asked for another one in the same size. we'll see if it, too, is defective	Dresses
I loved this dress and it fit perfectly. i did not have any issue with the camisole being tight, and i am really curvy. i did however have a problem trying to take it off. it has no zipper and in order for me to get it over my head i had to stretch my shoulders to the point where i ripped the back. i went to the store and tried on the larger size and ripped that one too. i tried to take it off more delicately but i couldn't. maybe it was me, but this dress is too much hassle. if i went any highe	Dresses
This dress is great. wear now and into fall with boots and leggings. it seems to have structure with the seams and is nicley flowy.	Dresses
This dress can be casual, or you can dress it up for going out. i just love this dress!	Dresses
Very pretty dress but the fit is not great. i have to get help to take it off because it's tight in the shoulders.	Dresses
As the other reviewer stated the dress is not lined and the fabric feels very cheap. i tried the sp as well and felt i could have gone down to the xsp. i like the style and coloring but given the price and lack of quality this is going back.	Dresses
This shirt has beautiful coloring but the material wasn't as soft as i thought it would be. i was hoping they would be the super soft material, maybe washing them would help, but i didn't want to chance it so i returned them.	Knits
I purchased this dress yesterday and it's cute and fits great, but the embroidery across the back ripped as soon as i moved my arms. it's really delicate and strains anytime you lift your arms overhead or forward. i'm keeping it anyway because the supersoft pretty slip that come with it is worth the sale price.	Dresses
I loved the color and the neckline was flattering. however, it would have fit me better in a petite size bc i am 5'3" and a 32f. it fits slim so to fit in my bust it was too long. also didn't think the fabric was good quality for this price.	Knits
Nice dress to wear while seasons are transitioning	Dresses
Loved this dress online, but my small pettie stature made me looks like an orphan from the prairie.	Dresses
I got this online in a sale and couldn't wait to try it on at home! it's so cute, the fabric is a great print and the fit is swingy, which i love. i have a larger bust than waist and i'm 5'8", 160 lbs. i ordered my normal size 10 and it fit perfectly. i can't wait to wear it with booties this fall!	Dresses
I loved the colors on this dress, but i don't like the way it fits. it is tight around the shoulders, but the rest of the dress is really big and has no shape	Dresses
It has been a long cold winter and spring...but it is going to get hot!and this is a perfect dress for july.i tried this on and did not feel the need for a slip or a cami, yes, it is lightweight, no, i would not consider it for work, but when it gets hot in the summer, i feel like this will be a perfect slip on and go dress for days or casual evenings.i wear a 12, and the medium fit perfectlyi considered ordering the small, since i had some extra space, but again, it is going to get hot,	Dresses
Horrible fit. i do not understand why they but a aline dress with a skin non aline camisole under the dress.	Dresses
Was excited to receive this dress as i got it at a great price on sale. the colors are great and it fits pretty good, but it came without a slip!! so disappointing to not receive the entire dress!! hence the 2 stars. may send it back for this reason.	Dresses
I am usually an xsp or 0p but i ordered up one size (2p) due to previous reviews complaining about the tight slip. however i definitely did not need to size up. the slip is fine and the outer 'shell' is billowy and i should have stuck with my usual size! when i put it on i was not in love due to the dress being so roomy, but a second check in the mirror showed that the fabric / seams draped well and it overall looked pretty cute. it hits about 2 inches above my knees and therefore seems pretty p	Dresses
I purchased all the colors of this wonderful tee after receiving the first. it's machine wash and dry, and they've all held up well through multiple washes so far. the neckline and fit is flattering for a larger bust, due to the ribbing, but would be great on a more athletic figure as well. the fabric is soft enough that the 3/4 sleeves don't bug me, like some other tops do. all the colors are great and you'll want more than one! true to size.	Knits
This is a nice flowy dress that i plan to wear in the fall with long boots. i love how light it feels.	Dresses
The pattern is very cute! from the front i liked it, but when i turn to the side, you can see just how voluminous it is. it ended up looking a bit tenty. if it had just a bit more shape it would be perfect. in the end, not the most flattering.	Dresses
Dress is true to size. has a built in liner with thin straps so it is not see through. really cute on.	Dresses
Most comfortable and great looking! i got complements from everyone! literally!	Dresses
This top runs large... an entire size. i am on the fence about it.. it is quite *stylish* and well made. it is fairly heavy and seems like it would be very warm. the burgundy color is nice. the issue i am having with it is the way the lower black arms are sewn in the upper arms. it just seems somewhat *odd*. overall though, it is very *forgiving*,especially with the black border around the entire bottom. it is the perfect top to showcase a great long necklace and it would be great with leggings	Knits
I really loved this in the catalog. the fabric and details are very pretty. however it's a lot of fabric without much form. my husband suggested it for maternity (not realizing it has fitted slip). not for curvy/ hourglass. had to send it back.	Dresses
I love the ease of style of this dress. perfect for summer and to wear for a cruise. the only problem with the dress is that it comes unlined. if it was lined, it'd be perfect. if you plan to wear this over swimwear, it's great. if not, make sure to wear neutral underwear since it is partly see through. would need to get a slip along with this dress. i'm 5' and got a s p. i could have easily gotten the xs. the dress hits in slightly lower on my thigh than what is seen on the model.	Dresses
Cute dress to throw on and go. fits pretty true to size except for the slip underneath. it's a little tight and i felt to short for the dress. i ended up wearing a full slip i had under it and that work great!	Dresses
I ordered this dress is in the yellow/orange. the colors are pretty, the pink detail is nice and that's about it. the slip underneath is a form fitting yellow cotton - no big deal. the dress itself runs very large and in an unflattering way. if i was pregnant, it was perfect. the material feels cheap to me and this, along with the roomy fit - is why this dress will be returned.	Dresses
I bought this dress for fall and will get a lot of wear out of it! the fit is perfect - loose, but structured. plan to pair with booties over the coming months!	Dresses
I sized up on this one and i'm glad i did. the slip for this dress is very small and in my normal size i doubt it would've have even covered what needs to be covered for a dress like this too work. other than that, this swing dress is adorable, work appropriate and the pattern is sweet. even though i ordered a 12, instead of my usually 10, the sleeves were a bit constricting, but hit at the right spot. i see myself throwing this easy little number on a lot.	Dresses
Nice loose-fitting dress to wear in the summer and to transition into the fall. i had no problem with the slip being too tight. 5'3'', 118lbs, and went with my normal size 2. it was loose through the body but sizing down would have made the dress too tight on my shoulders. it's great with boots or flats!	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. however, it looked awful on me. i ordered the medium and it was huge. also, i looked 7 months pregnant. not a good style for the short person.	Dresses
The dress is adorable and has a very nice fabric and a slip that goes underneath. it was just too big for me even as a swing dress.	Dresses
I saw this in the store and loved the feel of the fabric but did not want to pay full price. i was very happy when it went on sale. the top clings nicely without feeling tight. i got sp (5'5, 125)as i worried the neckline would slip off. fits perfectly. fabric has a very slight sheen. i just hope it holds up to washing and caution is needed as you may create pulls with jewelry if careless.	Knits
Great unique style top for casual or dress	Knits
For my 5'9", 36 c bust, hourglass frame, and 170 lbs, i got the medium and found it fit well. a bit snug but i didn't want to go to large and have it too loose at the top. my thoughts below:__________pros:- lots of stretch and comfortable due to being part modal.- the pleating on either side on the shoulders just drapes so lovely with the cowlneck. it just gives it an edgy look that i really like.- this "grey" has actually a minuscule houndstooth-like or checkboard-like appearance that's ha	Knits
I tried this on even though i usually am not interested in cowlneck tops. the fabric is heavier, so it is not good for hot weather. the fabric is a weave of lighter and darker colors - you can see if you zoom in, so it has an interesting texture. very flattering because it is fitted and not boxy.	Knits
This is an adorable topper for all these ballgowns when you have no top. that said, it was a lot shorter on me than i expected. i attribute this to the fact that i have a chest. the fit is true to size, but while not showing much tightness around the chest to any gape in the buttons in the back, it became more of a crop top. i have been needing a short topper so i'm definitely keeping this. the back button detail is adorable. the lace for me is soft and not stratchy or irritating but i only trie	Knits
Oh such a classic retailer look for summer! a vintage pattern on a crisp cotton fabric. i was immediately drawn to it. but wait- there is a sort of wrap around tie at the waist, creating the look of an apron. yes. it looks like one is wearing a full apron. or scrub dress. why?? this would have been sooo much better as a simple shift or a skirt/blouse combo.	Dresses
The material is adorable and if it was available in a blouse with sleeves, i would buy in a minute. we have a pool and i thought it would be cute to wear while entertaining. now the cons, i am long waisted and this strange tie knotted high under the bustline giving an odd lumpy look. it runs short and i can't imagine who thought this design was a good idea. there were no reviews when i ordered. i am learning to try it on in the store and/or read the reviews before investing. i would say go up a	Dresses
I tried the regular szie in store, like the cut, need petite though (too long and a lot of fabric) - i am 5'1.5" and 115lbs... color, unfortunatly, looke aweful on my skin tone and washed me out. would need to be more red, the striping washed out the color nad dind't look flattering on me. the cut did, however.so, if you ahge a good hur to your skin, good dress for you, if you are palelike me, i don't recommend...ps love hte tie waist. picture not asflattering as on person.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. i took the advice of a previous reviewer and tried one size down, it fit perfectly. i am usually between a 10 or 8 in retailer dresses depending on the cut, the size 8 in this was great. i am near the small chested side a 36b and there was still plenty of room in the top. the swimmers on the dress are embroidered and i didn't really notice until i saw the inside. beautiful detail. the dress is a lightweight cotton and great for warm weather. its even more flattering to be a	Dresses
The shape is flattering on my postpartum body. even though the material is stretchy cotton and the shirt fits well across my shoulders and chest, the swing shape hides my stomach area. the material doesn't seem particularly breathable, so you might want to avoid wearing it in really hot, humid weather; but for my summers in the pacific northwest, it'll be fine.	Knits
The sweater fits a bit awkward in the front. it draped more than i would have liked. also, the transition from the stripes to the solid gray felt non cohesive because of the stitching. returned the item.	Knits
This dress is really gorgeous, really fun and beautifully made. i'm typically an 8petite (140lbs, 5'4", 34dd) so i got this in an 8 and it was huge on me. there was so much extra room in the chest and the back and it was much too long for me. even if i sized down, it feels a little age inappropriate for me. i'm 21, and it felt very conservative and unflattering. i think this dress is excellent, just not for me.	Dresses
I loved the look of the dress. it's a very flattering design. however, i absolutely hate the side zipper. every time i have worn it, the zipper will get stuck and it is a struggle to get it up. the side tie is a very cute touch, but you definitely have to figure out the best way to tie it, so you don't have a huge bump of fabric on your back. having said all this, i still did get a lot of compliments from this dress. i do wish the dress had a lining.	Dresses
I bought this dress as soon as i received the retailer catalogue. i rushed to the store because i absolutely fell in love with it. when i tried it on, i went a complete size down. i'm usually an 8, but i snagged this beauty in a 6. the top part really does run larger, so unless you have really broad shoulders, you'll need to size down. the sleeves hit my arms at a nice place, and the little tie in the front is awesome, because not only is it an interesting detail, it can be loosened or tightened d	Dresses
Ok...so after reading the other reviews, i'm sad to say i rated this as "runs small" only because i usually buy one or two sizes smaller in maeve than i settled on with this dress. it's actually an adorable dress but i'm sure you have to have the right figure. i don't think any one woman has the same figure as another and this dress is made for someone with a very definite hourglass figure. i have a large chest, a moderate middle and large hips. i really loved both sizes but i chose to size up b	Dresses
Really cute fun print. nice summer dress..	Dresses
Totally bummed. the pretty print doesn't outweigh the very odd fit of this dress. makes you look really top heavy and even the print, which looks so cute online, looks muddled in person. sadly, went right back.	Dresses
I really liked this dress in pictures online. i wanted to wear it to work on casual fridays. everything about this dress was a disappointment, especially at this price point. the fit was weird: tight in some places, too loose in others (i'm usually xs or s, i ordered this one is s). it's made out of a fairly thick and warm material, yet the neck area of the dress is more exposed than it appears in pictures, especially in the back, making it awkward to have this very warm dress with neck, upper b	Dresses
I have to agree with another poster who was dissapointed about the dress not being lined....i mean, any dress over $50 should at least be lined! but, overall this is an adorable dress, very flattering and so fun for summer! if it were lined i would have purchased, but that's all personal preference as i cannot stand having to wear a slip!	Dresses
This dress is cute and i will wear it to work. i only decided to keep it because i got the sale price and an additional 40 percent off. the print is cute, but a little bit odd, it's a swimmer in a cap. the tie is fun.	Dresses
This dress is the opitome of summer! day or night, running errands during the day to a casual night out this dress will be that go to favorite. i feel it runs small on the top, i am large busted and i sized up for this reason and it still could be roomier...i wear a size 10 on top and for referance i got the 12. i will keep it as it is not uncomfortable but for a drees that lends to a drape on top i wish they would have made it roomier....imhave never had this issue with mauve as it is one of my	Dresses
This top is absolutely gorgeous!! i ordered in xs and unfortunately could not button it, too tight. for reference i am 5-3", 120 lbs, 34b. i will definately be exchanging it for a size s, i just love how classy and glamorous this top is. i do wish it were a few inches longer, but it still looks so nice. i agree with other reviewer how nice it will go over a cocktail dress. hoping the size s has a better fit on me!	Knits
What a fun print to have on a dress, let alone a sweet off white lace confection like this one. i really love the design and all the nice high quality touches. because i am busty and there is no stretch, i sized up. my only wish was that the look of the skirt wasn't so innocent..the flounce looks a bit juvenile, especially at my age. i'll try to figure out how to flatten it , maybe wet the skirts like a regency lady ;) here are my stats since i purchased 12p: 5'3" 145# 36dd.	Dresses
I really liked this dress online and i loved it in person. the print is different, the waist is synched, skirt is full. has a very feminine shape. definitely a special piece. runs large. i'm usually a 6 in dresses and an 8 in skirts. i'm 5-5" 136#s, 34c and then 6 was noticeably too big. size 4 fit perfect (and i'm no size 4). no sleeves will make if easy to add a denim jacket or a cardigan. it hits approx 3-4" above the knees, but has a conservative high neckline and back is covered. good quali	Dresses
The fabric of this dress is warm, soft, and comfortable. it is versatile and can be worn at both work or out for a casual evening date. it is cute without a belt but, i prefer one just to give it more shape. i plan to wear it often this season. i am 34b/28/37 and purchased a size small.	Dresses
I made a visit to the store specifically to try on this dress and it was a disappointment for me. i tried on size 6 regular (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips) and i could not zip the dress up half way. the zipper is on the side, but it's more to the back which i have to stretch my arms all the way back to reach it. it stopped at my waist and was too tight for me to zip up anymore. i tried on an 8 regular and the entire dress was huge. (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). i like the regular size because the l	Dresses
I love this dress. the pattern is super cute and looks great with a jean jacket and comfy sandals or white sneakers. tons of compliments!!	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store, prepared to buy this lovely piece. i feel that it should have been a few inches longer, it would look more proportionate. next, the tie is really difficult to place, but it creates some great detail to the front and back. it wrinkles easily, i can see it would need to be ironed before each wear. lastly it is not lined, what a bummer, at least the skirt could be lined. but, it does have pockets, that is sweet.	Dresses
I am so crazy about this dress. i got it in the mail today and just love it! no, it's not lined but it's not see through so no big deal. i was afraid the tie would add bulk but i look very thin. i just need to call for a price adjustment since i payed full price!	Dresses
I was thoroughly underwhelmed. it did not hang well, and the fit seemed off. the tie waist just sort of hung there. i could have sized down, but i didn't even want to bother. it was pretty boring and flimsy for $138.	Dresses
This dress is so soft, and fits like a dream. i'm a new mom and the tie perfectly masks what's left of my mummy tummy, while still helping me feel stylish for fall!	Dresses
I love the dress overall, however, found it a tad snug in the bust area. overall, a beautiful dress to own.	Dresses
Love this dress! it can be worn in cold or warm weather with tights and boots or sandals and bare legs. the fit is roomy and a little longer in back. it washes nicely without losing length.	Dresses
I love this dress which for me will double as tunic over leggings/tights. the fabric is very comfortable for fall into winter for southern california and looks super cute with booties or boots. this will be a mainstay of my wardrobe.	Dresses
I love this dress. it is exactly my style, which is probably why i love it: girly, frilly, flowy... i love how much material it has. it flows and twirls in such a nice way because of the amount of fabric. it's the right length that the amount of material is not overwhelming - i'm 5'5" and it hits just above my knees. i am currently 6 months pregnant, and it's plenty roomy to fit now, and will also mask the post-baby belly this summer. the only 2 cons, and the other reviewers touched on these as	Dresses
Great style and the color, can be dressed up or down. i love it!	Dresses
Very charming, well made and comfortable. it is a heavier material with a slip so it's a great spring dress if you have cooler days but i could see in the summer if you have 80f + temps it could be a little warm. i have a 34c/d chest and i didn't find it too snug like the other reviewer. pretty tts for maeve.	Dresses
I found this dress to run large (like the other reviewers have mentioned). the quality is really nice, and the sweater fabric is a nice touch. it hit me right above the knee, and i an 5'5". it is a purplish pink (as pictured). if it fits you properly, you will be pleased with the quality, color and unique style.	Dresses
This simple dress will turn heads. it fits to the body, hugging just in the right spots. i love this dress! it is soft and feels amazing on. you can adjust the tie in the front. i purchased the copper color, but i have to say that is much more brown to me than copper. a dark brown. i still think the dress is adorable. looks cute with booties or knee high boots. winner!	Dresses
I'm 5'5" and got the m. i thought i'd need the petite but i decided to try on the regular m in the store and the length was fine (mid calf). i gave a 3 for quality though because all the ones in my store were tearing in the back where the shoulders meet the back. i bought it anyway because it looked like an easy fix and it was so darn cute and comfortable on!	Dresses
I am 5'3" and 115 lbs. i ordered 2 on a whim and i'm so happy i did because they're so flattering.	Dresses
I got my normal size and unfortunately the moment i tried it on the details on both shoulders ripped. the dress fit fine and i basically have no boobs so i don't think it was a case of it being too small. i guess it just wasn't reinforced enough. there was also a miss-stitch in the shoulder on the back which causes the back of the dress to bunch funnily. lastly, there's a slip on the inside which i don't think was necessary. it hugs tight to the body and makes the whole dress feel oddly clingy.	Dresses
I ordered the black and white, and the pattern is just as pictured (so cute!), but after reading the other reviews, i ordered a size up. and i'm glad i did. the m would have been snug, but the skirt in the l fit me as pictured on the model. i am i b cup, and the top was snug but not unflatteringly so on me. it's still a dress i can wear to work and even wear a tank underneath if i wanted to. overall, i'm incredibly happy with this one; i'm fairly straight, though, so i can see how this might be	Dresses
Thanks to the vertical stripes, the adjustable neckline, the bow that cinches the waist, and the free flowing skirt, this dress is extremely flattering. the compliments i received when wearing this dress back that up! i was unsure if i should order a medium or large because i typically wear either/or depending on the dress style due to my hips. i ordered a large which fit thanks to the adjustable neckline and adjustable waist, but a medium definitely would have worked just as well for me (i just	Dresses
I never would have thought that i could wear a jumpsuit and it actually look good on me, but this is it!!! the fabric is weighted some so it lays very flattering and is very comfortable. the sash can be tied several ways-front, back, or side. i will be traveling in this to the beach and pairing it with an retailer wrap, and then wearing it alone with sandals once we exit the freezing airplanes. a racer back bra works great with this piece and the pockets are an added bonus. it looks like a d	Dresses
I got this dress in the holly green and it's a lovely shade - perfect for fall and winter. this is why i gave it the high rating. however, be warned that the lining is very form fitting. i thought the dress had more of a fit and flare design to mask flaws like a belly and larger backside, but that's not the case. i had to return it, but for more slender-shaped ladies, the dress is likely a winner.	Dresses
I wanted a casual but special summer dress and had high hopes for this one. i normally like to try things on as it is difficult to tell fit online. when it arrived i was disappointed with this dress. it is very full in the skirt, the top fit a bit odd, not a lot of shape and not especially flattering. the fabric wasn't very exciting either. unfortunately this one went back.	Dresses
I personally love this romper. there's a lot of fabric to it, so it feels lush and substantial. and the pockets! they're so roomy i actually couldn't find my phone for a hot second. the crotch of the legs (because, yes, this thing is actually pants) is very long and so i was very comfortable sitting.the two things i don't love about this piece include the downfall of all rompers imo: not bathroom-break friendly. you basically have to disrobe. and since the legs are so long, you end up clingi	Dresses
After reading every review, i was certain i knew exactly what i was getting with this dress. wrong. i sized up from a small to a medium and the dress was still uncomfortably tight on my rib cage. the top is very exposing of the bust, and i'm small busted. i can't stand wearing camis, so there no way i'd be able to wear this dress even if i sized up again to a large. for reference, i'm 5'6", a straight build 134 lbs, and wear a 6. pluses on this dress are, i loved the green color and length of sk	Dresses
Agree with other reviewers: this runs narrow in the skirt. the top is also quite low-cut, and it's already lined so i can't see wearing a cami or slip. i like the black-and-white print and the shape, and might have tried a size larger in the store. finally, it's an awkward, unflattering length. i'm 5'4" and it hit below my knee.	Dresses
I tried this one as a xs and xs petite, and of course ,the petite is the way to go for me. length slightly below around the knee, if i pull on the straps, then the hem hits the knees. i wish the blue was still available in petite, now that it is on sale. the waist is adjustable,and so are the straps. the material is airy like linen. pretty and flirty, and appropriate for work, can't go wrong.(115 lbs, 30 dd, 26.5 in waist)	Dresses
I ordered the xxs petite (only size in petite left at the tme0 and that was right for me. i usually (should say used t) get xs but with the looser styles lately, xxs seems to fit me better. hte leg hem falls below my knee, but not too low on the calf. the waist is comfortable, hte weird part is the fabric, the sash part seems to be lighter and the softer part is on the inside so it would seem.for reference, i am 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist.	Dresses
The print and fabric are great, but this dress has odd construction, or maybe i have an odd construction. anyway, i'm 5-5, weigh 125-130, 36d. i ordered the small and it fit perfect up top and in the arms - but the issue was in the hips. i'm somewhere between athletic and curvy. the skirt looks more a-line in the photo, but it's actually cut pretty straight. spanx would have helped, but i'm not about to wear spanx all day in a work/casual dress, i think a medium would make the top too big, so i	Dresses
This dress is very well-made, fully-lined, and overall quite beautiful. however, i will have to agree with the other reviewers who say that it runs small. i am typically a solid medium in retailer clothes (5'9", 36b, 155 lbs., apple shaped, long torso), but the medium in this is skin. tight. not a good look. the large fit much better and i did not find the skirt to be like a pencil (the fit is like the picture) and the length is at the knee. anyway, interesting that there is a such a huge differen	Dresses
Love classical look and this dress may look great on not so much curvy shape. price is great with extra 40% off so considering to get dark red one as well now!	Dresses
I tried this dress at the store and it made me look 10 years older. the fit was tts but a bit odd around the waist. i am 5'4" and 160 lbs and tried a small.	Dresses
This dress fits comfortably with great fabric and feels sturdy without to much weight. i love the color. the fit would be flattering on many different body types. i would highly reccomend this dress.	Dresses
This is really flattering. it's one of the best purchases i've made through retailer. i know it will work with a lot of different body types. the medium fit me well. i bought a petite version by mistake but it still fits.	Dresses
Love the fit of this dress! i'm 5'2" 120 and the petite extra small fits perfectly. the waist is slimming and the cut is not too low. also great pattern.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. fits true to size. very flowy and comfortable. the color looks just like the pic.	Dresses
Dressed up or dressed down, this summer dress is perfect. the skirt is a lot of fabric, like others have said, but it's part of what makes this dress fun; and because the top is fitted, i find it very flattering because you can adjust the tie around the waist to make it fitted. that being said, the design sort of threw me off when it arrived in the mail because the waist as well as straps around the shoulders are adjustable; at first it looked like a sack, but when it's on and adjusted it will l	Dresses
This dress intrigued me a bit online, but not enough to order it to try it. even on the rack, i wasn't so sure about it, but decided to try it this afternoon. i couldn't have been more pleased. it is fresh, flattering, flowy, light and beautiful. even though there is quite a bit of fabric, the vertical stripes and nipped in waist make it extremely flattering. i didn't realize this came in blue as well. i may add that one to my wishlist, but the red one is a definite winner. it will make a great	Dresses
This is one of those rare garments that is actually as flattering on me as it looks on the model. just like the picture, it hangs like a dress and emphasizes my curves without seeming too revealing. the weight of the fabric creates graceful movement, while the loose cut keeps it cool and breezy. for reference, i am 5'4" and curvy (34d, 35x28x39), and i ordered a small petite. this is a smaller size than i would wear in most styles, but it fits almost like it was made for me. the tie hits slightl	Dresses
This lovely number met all my expectations. ordered an xl, and glad i did. the fabric and styling has flattering drape and it can be dressed up or worn for a casual night out. if it was available in another classic color, or a subtle neutral pattern i'd probably purchase a second one (hint hint retailer).	Dresses
I was a little hesitant about sizing based on reviews-but my normal small fit perfectly. it is a little low cut for work-but with a scarf will be fine. i wish it was a bit shorter (hits just below the knees on me).but overall great. i have a fairly straight body type and think dress probably works best on this type. although if you were small on top and curvy on bottom i think this could be cute too. for the price point (with the sale) its definitely worth trying! i got the black and white-and i	Dresses
You can?t go wrong with this one. it?s is super flattering. the size medium fit perfectly. for reference, i have a 38in chest (32 ff) and in the medium i was not over exposed, and it can be worn with a racing back bra with it not showing. i wish it came i more colors. please retailer?make this one in more colors.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. i am happy i chose the sky blue color. i read a review before ordering that said it was more beautiful in person. it certainly is! i can't wait to wear it. the only issue is that it runs a tad bit too big. i am very thin, and usually an xs in retailer clothes. i could've fit an xxs. good thing the straps can tie and be adjusted. also, it is a little longer than i thought it would be on me (i am 5'7"). other than that, i love this dress.	Dresses
I'm not a big fan of rompers but love this one. it is very flattering and comfortable. i love that you can dress it up with some heels and accessorizes or more casual with flats.	Dresses
The dress is true to fit and very soft. you can dress it up or be casual with a denim jacket.	Dresses
On the hanger i thought this would be a great work dress, but on my curves it was pretty scandalous. really low cut--will need to pin it, and hugs curves (if you have them). it's comfortable and i like the pattern. i have a number of maeve's jersey dresses so i'm not expecting it to last incredibly long, but at 25% off it was a good deal.	Dresses
Okay, so i have an upcoming day of travel with four kids, a husband on crutches, and a flight leaving at 6am for which i have to leave my house at 4am, followed immediately by a le cirque show upon our arrival. i've been looking for something to wear during this chaos and this is it. the fabric is dreamy-soft, and the drape, perfect. yes, it looks like a dress, but i am happy for the conservative pants/jumpsuit it actually is. the pockets hold my phone without sagging, and i can wear sneakers du	Dresses
I'm a 34c and 136 lbs. the dress falls just below my knees, perfect for the colder weather! i bought this in m in two colors because i love it so much! the fit is so flattering and the material is so soft and comfortable. i continue to find maeve dresses classic, quality, flattering and comfortable!	Dresses
Got several compliments on the dress the first time i wore it, and know it will work well for both the office, church and even a holiday party or two. i'm right on the line between petite & regular sizes, and could have gone w/a petite (probably medium) size instead as the dress is just a touch long with a deeper neckline for my frame. otherwise it fits well and the color is great, even if it's not quite the same as in the photo. overall, i'm satisfied with my purchase!	Dresses
This is a pretty dress, but the cut is quite boxy. i had thought that the dress would cut in a bit along the body and then "flare out" more around the waist down to the hem; however, the dress is baggy from the sleeves all the way down, which lends to a rather unflattering look.	Dresses
Based on the photos, i thought this dress would be very flattering on an hourglass shape. i ordered the faded reddish pink color. the color was true to the photo and very pretty and soft. the dress has an open neckline, fitted waist and skirt length that are all flattering, but the fabric is thin and clingy, making the dress overall not flattering on anyone not as thin as the model. it certainly doesn't hang. i believe it runs true to size. i'm generally a xs/s and i ordered a s and the fit was	Dresses
This fit me perfectly with a little room but think it's meant to be this way so easier to get on and off. this feels like a dream and is very good quality. definitely a heavier piece but i like that. it is so very flattering and drapes beautifully to hide my tummy. the back is adorable too! retailer hit it out of park with this one! grab it before it's too late! i'm a 36ddd and size 14 and the large fit perfectly	Dresses
I love this dress. i've received compliments from everyone. it's long enough to feel appropriate for work or teaching in sunday school - and, it's beautiful!	Dresses
Just a heads up - this is a romper - pants and not a dress! you can't tell from the pictures. i ordered thinking it was a dress but it's actually ... culottes? i'm not sure what you would call it. the pull on styling was awkward and the sash was bulky. it definitely goes back!	Dresses
The quality and fabric of this dress are lovely, but unfortunately i found it to be very unflattering and shapeless. it fit me like a sack, i ordered the m and i suppose i should've sized down, but even in the s i'm afraid this would be far too large. for reference, i am 5'7 and 135 lbs. i have a curvy build so this shape dress just wasn't right on me. i imagine it will look cute on more of a boyish figure. returned.	Dresses
As everyone said, the fabric weighs and therefore the romper is flowing gracefully. and it is real soft. you can wear it without bra. it looks so flattering but still feels so comfortable. it is the reason that i placed an order online and it is also the first piece out of the package that i paired with excitement and went out full of contentment. the only thing is that i received mine with the place where the two bands meet with the back broken. i had to sew them all together. it almost felt li	Dresses
I bought this on sale in all 3 colors. it doesn't look like much in the photos, but that's really the point. this is a staple, basic piece. layer on colors and prints, like a printed jacket, scarf or bag. i bought this in wine, along with the sweater knit boots and a bag with a print that ties the colors together. the shape of this dress is great - fitted through the waist and not a lot of extra fabric in the skirt. midi is usually a bad length for me 5'2" but since the skirt isn't overwhelming,	Dresses
This dress is easy to dress up or down, and is very comfortable.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this, but the length of the pants was so awkward and dowdy. if they were longer or shorter, this would be a win. nice fabric, not too clingy so it is attractive on top and hips.	Dresses
I love this! it is comfortable, flowing and reminds me of glamorous women in 1970's movies. i especially love that is completely looks like a shirt (its pants) because i don't have to worry about my skirt flying up as i race around the city. bra// no bra doesn't matter, which i love. as someone with a larger bottom then top and am pretty tall, i usually have trouble finding one piece items that aren't too short in the crotch/waist zone. very roomy without looking like a sack.	Dresses
I originally bought this in a medium (for reference - i am 5'10", 155 lbs.). it was tiny! i sent it back for a large and it fits beautifully. the fabric is incredibly soft and the dress is very flattering and comfortable. i would just recommend ordering up a size.	Dresses
I've never owned a romper, and never had any desire to. but the classy design in black, soft, flowy fabric reeled me in, prompting me to push my boundaries a bit. i'm so glad i did. i don't think i have any other piece of clothing that makes me feel so classy or so fun, and certainly not at the same time. i wear it to work in an office environment with a cardigan, and the cardigan goes off after work as i run errands or play with the kids. i love it!! (and it even has pockets - i'm a sucker for	Dresses
I think i'm on the opposite side of the fence when it comes to fit, because i love this dress. it may be because i don't have much hips or curve to my waist that this dress is not tight as it is on others. it does make me look like i have some shape down there because it doesn't cling. i ordered the holly green and i adore the shoulder detail. confused as to why that same detail follows along around the inside of the dress across the shoulders because it itches a little. i do have to wear a cami	Dresses
Flattering, flowy, comfortable. the back strops have elastic so easy on and off. flows when you walk, the ties have two different types of black fabric, matching knit on one side, a matte crepe on the other. love the pockets, very versatile piece.	Dresses
This dress is such a beautiful color and the fabric is super soft and lovely. it would be stunning on someone with a slim figure, but since i've got curves/an athletic build, it simply did not work. too bad, because it is such a pretty dress!	Dresses
I went to my local retailer store on saturday to pick up some new cute things that i had my eye on.after collecting the items i came in for i saw this romper! i tried it on and it was 'amazing" comfortable , soft and so versatile!!! bonus!!! i left so tremendously happy!! it will be a win for many years to come!!!!!!!!!!!	Dresses
I ordered this after seeing the rave reviews. it is not for me. just like the culottes i ordered, this romper makes me feel like a grandma. i said i'd recommend to others bc of the other reviews but again, this was not for me. i also didn't like the back of the romper. no way i could even get away with a racerback bra b/c it's so low cut. the good though- it is super comfortable and is a nice heavy fabric. tts also. i'm a med 8/10 and the medium was correct in this.	Dresses
I bought this dress as a consolation prize when another dress i wanted didn't suit me. i was shocked by how flattering it was, because on the hanger it was just "meh". the material is soft jersey, heathered, and it hangs well. it has a simple lining, but that doesn't interfere with the fit. it is a little low for my personal taste, so i wear a cami or scarf, but for those less well endowed, you'd probably be fine without one. for the record, i typically wear a 2-4, 125 pounds, 5'8, and 32 ddd br	Dresses
This dress is fantastic! it's super flattering and very versatile. for reference, i am 5'4" and 155 lbs, and usually a size 8 - 10 in retailer dresses. the size medium fit perfectly. highly recommend this item!	Dresses
I am excited for spring so i can wear this. i purchased the orange. it is actually more of a red, but i like it. colorful and flattering fit.	Dresses
I love the look of this dress & had high hopes, but it didn't live up to them. have no doubt that it is well made & beautiful, fully lined with lovely detailing around the neck. i am 5'6", 155lbs with a postpartum belly that i'd like to hide, so i chose this dress as the reviews say it's a bit loose & forgiving. i found it to be so loose that it looks big & entirely hides my figure! i considered ordering a small, but knew that it was simply the cut of the dress & going down a size wouldn't chang	Dresses
I received this product and love the color and sheen of it. it is not too flashy, and would work great as a dress to an event day or night with the right accessories. i am about 5'7 and 115 lbs, and usually wear a size 0 in dresses. the size 0 fit, but was a little loose. if they had a 00 it probably would have been too small though. you definitely cannot bend over in this dress because it is too short, but i didn't feel it was inappropriately short otherwise. it flares out just slightly on the	Dresses
This dress is so comfortable and looks so good. i love the low back and the swing in the skirt. i ordered the tangerine, which is really more red than orange. this is a simple, slip-on dress, perfect for traveling as it doesn't wrinkle. i will wear this often when the warm weather arrives.	Dresses
This dress is lovely. i'm tempted to buy it in all of the patterns that i like, but i'm forcing myself to be economical. (i check regularly to see if it's on sale, however! then they're all mine!)this dress is soft, comfortable, classy, and has the unique feature of having a low-cut back. my only complaint is that the holes for the arms droop sometimes so reveal my bra. this could be from my shape, however, because i am rather busty. the dress runs true to size and is easy to clean. it's one o	Dresses
Since this sold out so fast i ordered an xsp which is too short (i'm 5'5"), it also is too big! the empire waist has no shape or flatter, the sleeves are huge, the neckline was falling off my shoulder, i put it on and instantly knew this was all wrong.  the print is very fun and my guess is that's what is attracting everyone to it. it looked like a big floppy mess of cute fabric on me. back it goes.	Dresses
Lovely dress, fits great, very flattering, flirty, loved it so much ordered another one in a different color, can't wait for warm weather so i can wear these dresses	Dresses
I ordered this online and the colors are prettier in person. the blue and gray contrast nicely and have a beautiful sheen to them. i am usually a 2 at retailer and while that fit, i felt i could size down. i am slender and since it is a shift, there was little room in the waist/butt area. i ordered a 0 and that fit perfect! if you love blue (like i do), this dress is for you!	Dresses
I returned this dress because the material is so flimsy and thin. i was expecting higher quality, especially for the price. i was disappointed. it is a pretty dress and fit great, but i felt like i was wearing tissue paper.	Dresses
Beautiful dress, but it just didn't look that flattering on me. the quality was nice and it looked just like the picture. unfortunately it just looked shapeless on me so i had to return it. the dress is probably more flattering if you have long legs to show off, i definitely don't!	Dresses
Loved pattern, quality and fine details on this dress but it ran large. i ordered petite small and it was way too loose/baggy .i had to return it. i went bsck to order a petite x/small, but it was no longer available in this size on- line. so disappointed! fyi , i'm 5' , 112-115lbs and small boned -always wear size petite small . but not fir this dress! this dress is comfortable , well made, lined and pattern is extremely pretty with nice border ( which is hard to find for petites -a	Dresses
First of all a caveat, i am not curvy at all. i am average height but petite in terms of features and bones and such. specifically, i am 5 feet 6 inches tall and about 123 pounds and boyishly shaped with a feminine and timeless style. all this means that i can get overwhelmed by dresses/clothes with a lot of fabric or large prints and such. if you are shaped like me, this dress will be perfect for you! it highlights your advantages (slim and petite) and give you curves (that i wish i had natural	Dresses
Sadly, i had to keep only a few dresses, not all of them, so that one is in my wish list if my xs petite goes on sale in red and blue, i am pal so that is hte better color for me. i have not seen the green in eprson, but the neutral color is very nice too, if you are not into red.materila: thin-ish, strecthy, super comfortable, may be cool in a cold area though, brr.fit: xs petite fit perfectly everywhere, surprisingly, the shoulders are capped sleeves, i dind't exepct having them "fall'	Dresses
I finally visited a store with petite, and this dress was there, so of course, i snagged it to try on... i love the colors, i mean awesome, the fabric is also very soft, but the cut was just huh on me, nothing to go raving about,.,, i think it would be nice for a casual day but i often just wear joggers or yoga pants on casual days... so for the price i left it.	Dresses
I was concerned about purchasing this dress when i read about two slender people buying it. i'm 5'6" 145lbs and athletic. i normally wear a 10 and i ordered a 10. the material is really pretty, but stiff, more like brocade. the cut is different and it's not form fitting or feature enhancing, but it's comfortable and looks attractive. the arms and neck are not binding or cutting, they are interesting touches that make this different from other shifts. it's lined, falls a bit above my knee but not	Dresses
Purchased the blue motif colorway which (as other reviewers mentioned) is cream, mushroom, black (heavier lines) and very dark navy (grid part). looks good with both my cropped and duster-length black cardigan. print is a nice balance between neutral and interesting. a lighter weight knit but still opaque and skims over (versus clings to) the bodythe fit is very flattering and forgiving. the rushed midsection is cut higher and lower on the side seam to give a more hourglass line. the scoop b	Dresses
If you like the way this dress looks pictured, you'll love it when it arrives. the patterns and colors are vibrant, the fabric is of high-quality, and the dress is lined with a black slip. for sizing, i"m a size 2 or 4 and the xs is a great fit. while i often order petites for dresses - this petite was short enough on me to be mistaken for a tunic. (i'm 5'3).	Dresses
This is a great throw in your weekend bag summer dress. it runs a bit large, especially on the top, but i'll make it work. back is a bit low, so a cardigan would be required for office wear.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress, the open back, the lightweight fabric, and fun print. perfect for spring and summer. it could be i'm too tiny for this dress, but the front of the dress wasn't flattering. it just hung and there was an odd tuck in the waist that made it look like it ballooned out under my chest above my waist.	Dresses
I purchased this in the green. nice print, not overwhelming. slips on, hides a bra, and was simply comfortable to wear. can easily be dressed up or down, but i was looking for a dress that i could slip on at the last minute to go out to dinner with friends. i took it on a trip to florida, and it did not wrinkle in my suitcase. what more can you ask for?	Dresses
This dress is so flattering and comfortable. i got the green which is not too green. this is the perfect dress for a spring day and can be dressed up or dressed down.	Dresses
This dress is one of my new favorites. i usually wear a medium petite but had to size down in order to get it to fit properly. i was able to get the green one, while visiting in san francisco. i wish more stores had a petite section! it was great to be able to try things on!!!	Dresses
Since there were so many colors to choose from and the 20% full priced items sale was going on, i went in person to retailer to check these great dresses out. glad i did! online i was torn between several prints, but in the dressing room, there was a clear winner for me (just for personal preference. the prints are still all great!). these dresses are so flattering and comfortable. great with a cardigan or jacket for work or sandals for the weekend. definitely tts. i am pretty much always a m in e	Dresses
This is a beautifu;l dress. unfortunately it runs extremely large. i wear sized 10-12 and ordered l. i was lost in all the material. but because i love this dress so much, i am taking a chance and ordered it in small.	Dresses
I bought this dress because i thought it would look good on her, and it does.	Dresses
To my knowledge this dress looks great on everyone. the fabric is light and of moderate quality, the finishing is acceptable. a great basic.	Dresses
I got it in tangerine. beautiful, soft material, very flattering and cute dress. i am petite, so i will have to do some alterations to make the top port shorter, but other than that it's a perfect dress.	Dresses
I was so excited to order this dress; however, once it arrived, i realized that the fit doesn't work for me. i carry my weight in my stomach and backside, and the dress clung to my trouble areas.	Dresses
I ordered this in a large and its a super cute dress but this time the large ran super big! i usually wear a 10 so sometimes mediums are too small. i'm going to exchange it for a medium and see if that fits better. the beading detail is beautiful but just had too much fabric down below.	Dresses
This is the most flattering dress i have bought in years. the fact that it's machine washable was a huge plus. fabric is so comfortable and the length is perfect! i wear either m or l and went with the large for a little extra room, but either would have fit well.	Dresses
I saw this dress online and drove to the store to try it on. i love it! i bought the tangerine color which is really red and blue (not black). i am 5'7", 130 pounds, 34b and i got the xs. the small was too loose in the upper portion and the arm holes were big, like another reviewer reported. i have a long torso and the dress fit perfectly. it's a lovely, soft fabric and i will take it traveling with me as it won't wrinkle (and it's washable).the back is cut low, but surprisingly my bra didn't sh	Dresses
Beautiful, washes well in a garment bag on delicate. has little clips in the shoulders to hold bra straps which is crucial with the scoop back if you have sloped shoulders like mine. i normally go for a large, but was definitely a medium in this dress. 32" waist, 32f bra, only minor complaint is that the pattern (at least on the red, though probably also on the others) is just printed on the outside and the inside is faded almost white, so since the sides of the dress are slightly longer than	Dresses
This is my favorite dress i've bought in the past year! it is super flattering and can be worn for work or casual wear. the fabric is soft and comfortable. can't wait till the weather gets warmer so i can start wearing it regularly!i'm 5'5 145lbs, 37-29-39. i got the medium petite and it fits perfectly!	Dresses
Lovely dress, but i would recommend ordering a size smaller than you normally do.	Dresses
I had to return my original order to size down - the bottom half was fine with either size, but the medium was baggy in the back torso area. (i'm 5'8", 150#). i bought the "tangerine" version, which really is more red than orange. it's versatile and can be paired with various third pieces and shoes. i do have a long torso and this waist is a bit short on me however.	Dresses
Green- feminine and flattering, love this dress!!	Dresses
I just received this dress and tried it on. it's a nice dress that is flattering but the material was much heavier that i expected it to be. it's way to heavy to wear in the florida heat so unfortunately it's going back.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous and has beautiful lines. it is a little on the big side, but the fabric drapes enough that it doesn't matter.	Dresses
I love this dress and will be purchasing it in other patterns. the fit is incredibly flattering and the fabric is lovely. doesn't wrinkle, easy to wash and wear. i am 5'7, 190lbs, bottom heavy with a 38c bra size. i purchased the size large and it fits me perfectly (though perhaps a little bit snug in the waist). if i wanted a looser fit, an xl would probably work though might be a bit loose on the top. the low back hits just above my bra strap, but does in fact cover all straps. for reference,	Dresses
This dress is amazing! ordered one with a discount (the dark blue with flowers print) and it was becoming my go-to for work so had to bite the bullet and order two other colors full price. size m fit perfect 5'7" 150#	Dresses
I ordered this dress on a whim because of the 20% off on mother's day weekend and i am so glad i did. this dress is very flattering. i have a hard time finding dresses that are a little loose but don't make me look fat. this dress has just the right cut. i recommend it for anyone who likes something not to tight but also flattering.	Dresses
Purchased dress in blue motif. love it. it is casual and comfortable, no fuss dress. love the sexy open scoop back that is just high enough to comfortably cover my bra strap.	Dresses
This is a beautiful summer dress. i especially love the exposed back which is the perfect cut to not show your bra and feels professional enough for work. plus it's comfortable, drapes nicely, and is machine wash and dry.	Dresses
I am so glad i returned this dress for a size down. i am 5'10", and 160 lbs (curvy and muscular build), and the medium was surprisingly much too large on me. i returned it for a small, and oh my, it is perfect. i plan on wearing this to two summer weddings this year, and will then wear it for work. it really is a go-anywhere-do-anything sort of dress.	Dresses
This is a perfectly lovely jersey dress. it's really comfortable, true to size and the cut is flattering. you can wear it to work with heels or to the playground with your kids in sneakers or sandals. i didn't want to take it off. sizing is straightforward on this one: just order your regular size. there's nothing tricky about sizing. the xxsp (my regular size, depicted here), was just above the knee and not quite as long as the product description. great buy. waiting for boston weather to coope	Dresses
This dress is flattering in so many ways. fitted through the bodice with a lovely flare from the waist down to cover those hippy hips. sizing is perfect. i also bought it in the navy/black color. you can dress up with heels or down with flip flops.	Dresses
I bought this dress in three different patterns, i love it so much! i am 5'7" and around 135 pounds. usually a size six or eight in dresses. ordered the small and fits perfectly if a little bit. curvy frame. great for women on the busty side. fits beautiful and is stretchy but not too clingy.	Dresses
I've had this dress for a while now and waited to write a review, glad i did. i originally ordered the mp, 5'5" 130 lbs. while it looked nice - accentuated my waist it was a bit big in the chest area. it probably would have been ok but i am picky about fit. after debating for awhile i ordered the sp and it fits much better! when i pulled it out of the package i was worried it was too short but it's not. it hits right above my knee. in fact i compared both dresses and there is not much of a diffe	Dresses
Super easy and cute. i received lots of compliments!	Dresses
I ordered this dress the instant it appeared online, hoping that 'tangerine' would mean red, and not orange. and, what luck! it was the perfect red for my coloring - nothing orange or bricky, it was a true red. the background color is actually a deep navy, but it looks almost black in some angles. the fabric is super comfortable. it's long enough for work, easy and fun enough for a date, and perfect for spring-summer months. my only problem with it is the top is too large. i am a 34-a, 5ft-3	Dresses
It slips on easily, is soft & flattering. it will definitely be my "go to" dress.	Dresses
I love the green pattern. the fabric hangs and moves beautifully. thick enough to cover undergarments without slip or liner. ballet back is nice detail. i'm curvy and generally between s and m, s has a little room to spare. generally flattering piece. great for summer!	Dresses
This dress is soft and comfortable. it's perfect for summer. i ordered my usual size 4 petite and it fits perfectly. 34" 26" 5'1"	Dresses
I was a little skeptical to buy this dress at first because of the pattern. in all honestly, i am so happy that i did. it's so unique and truly a one of a kind design. when tried on the dress is very slimming.	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. the color is beautiful, the fit is flattering and it is so comfy i didn't want to take it off until bedtime. it is an all around winner. if i could do one thing to make it absolutely perfect i would take and inch or two off the hem. i am think of doing that but seriously i am not sure i want to have it out in alterations when i could be wearing it, it is just too comfy and cute!	Dresses
The petite was a little bit long on me (i'm 5'2), but it otherwise fits true to size and is very soft and comfortable, breezy. covers enough that it is work appropriate or for something outside. a keeper!	Dresses
I purchased this dress on a whim. it is easy to wear and very comfortable. the empire waist is flattering. however, the dress runs large and the lower half is a-line. the neckline is very flattering and you feel put together when wearing this dress.i am happy to have it in my wardrobe. a go-to piece for years to come.	Dresses
This dress is very comfortable, lovely, and versatile. i know i will wear this often throughout the spring and summer months because of it's elegant ease. i purchased a small and am a 34c and 28 waist; fits perfectly.	Dresses
What i love especially about this dress are the comfortable, soft fabric and the shape of the back -- the scoop and longer back hem are very ballet dancer! the green & off white print is very pretty for spring. sizing is a little tricky for me as i'm between petite and regular sizes. the hem length in the sp is perfect, about 1.5" above the knee in front, but the waist sits a little high. the top seam of the waist section is above my natural waist, and the bottom seam sits right under my navel s	Dresses
Beautiful dress!! i love this and am tempted to buy it in more colors. fits true to size, in a flattering way. love the cut of the back and the flow of the bottom.	Dresses
Over all this is very cute . it is very short. but has very good quality material.	Dresses
This dress is nicely made and hangs beautifully. i did find the shoulders a bit too wide even though i have pretty broad shoulders. then again, i'm also pretty tall and the length on this dress is really nice, so i'll take the slightly wide shoulders. the low back and gathered waist are very flattering. a perfect dress to wear in the summer!	Dresses
Great dress, comfortable to wear and flattering, with the stretch cinch waist and the soft flare of the skirt i feel flirty and fun with its open scoop neck and dipping back. plenty of space and simplicity to accessorize or not. i bought it in black/white and red, each with its own feel.	Dresses
Love love love! i'm 5'8", 122 lbs, 34b, and have an athletic frame (fairly narrow hips) and i bought an xs (in red.) usually i am a s with retailer for dresses (although occasionally a m for slimmer dresses), but i found that the top part of this dress required me to size down to an xs as the low back-design of the dress fit too loosely with the size s--it hung so that it showed my bra straps and the sleeves were a tad baggy under the arms, showing about 2" of bra underneath. my guess is that if y	Dresses
I purchased the green dress. it is very comfortable and soft. is as pictured. highly recommend for a casual everyday dress. looks like good quality. which it is. i ordered petite small. it is perfect size. i'm usually a 6p.	Dresses
Was very surprised when i opened the package, this dress is very thin fabric and you need to wear a half slip as it is see through. the top of the dress is short to the draw string and does not drape bloused style at all. i have a short waist length so it should have worked. the color is a little darker than pictured, but over all looks cheap so full price with tax makes it way over priced. going back asap.	Dresses
Beautiful dress; i ended up getting it in both the red and the green. the fit is absolutely perfect and it flatters pretty much any figure. one thing i would say is that you should get your exact size if possible; i ordered it online because it was so pretty in the 4p. i happened to be in the store the next week and i ttried on the 4r in the store just to see how it looked and it was awful! i was so disappointed but then my dress arrived in the mail and the 4p fit me perfectly. i'm so glad retailer	Dresses
This is so pretty in person and really nice quality with soft velvet, stitched on beading is very firmly sewn on, great fit. runs a tad small (i am a curvy size 8 but as with many flowy/swingy retailer tops i needed a small to not be swimming in it). perfect with skinny jeans and booties and can't wait to wear it this holiday season.	Knits
I was thrilled to find this in a store to try it on. the fabric is light weight and the cut of the sleeves make it very unique. my only gripe is the length. it hits the very top of my pants. so if you lift your arms in any way because of the cut of the sleeves - the whole shirt lifts up and shows belly. but i loved the elegance of it so much i decided that i can live with the shortness. i will just wear a tucked in cami underneath. this fit true to size.	Knits
I like flowy tops because i have a bit of a belly and i like to camouflage it but this top was really flowy. the fabric is great and the embroidery is beautiful, i was hoping for this to be a holiday staple this year. it has to go back though, just too large. i don't love it quite enough to order a size down.	Knits
Love this top!! perfect date night top! you can dress it up with a cute pair of heels or wear it around doing errands in some flats.	Knits
Lovely holiday blouse, flows at the bottom but doesn't bell out like some tunic blouses. the arms aren't cut in to much and i found that flattering to my shoulders the velvet and trim is strong and solid while the bottom half has a sweet little polka dot finish. charming and romantic.	Knits
This top is gorgeous!!! the picture just does not do it justice. i bought it solely based on the one review that said it looks very good. and it does! the velvet work at the top makes it look very dressy. the sleeves are not with big holes that show too much, the top and sleeves are perfect. i really like this top. i can't believe that the photo doesn't show it's gorgeousness, it looks so much better in-person. i so wish it came in more colors!!	Knits
I was not sure how this would work on my short stature but it is truly cute. the color is a lovely cranberry red and the weight is light and versatile. this piece can be worn layered in fall and winter but also with crops or shorts and a tee in the spring and summer.	Knits
Stylish. great color. great fir in between weather.may need shortening but constructed in a way that will make it easy.	Knits
This looks cute in the web photo, unfortunately it is absolutely huge in person. i got the small and have to return it because it is not wearable for me.	Knits
Very cute top. the sleeves were more quarter length on me. looks great with jeans	Knits
I bought the xs in green and every time i wear it i get compliments all day. it's a more youthful style than i usually wear but i couldn't resist the dark green color. i wear this with black leggings and flats and it's a perfect dress for a school day.	Dresses
I love this silhouette. it is such a flattering cut! but the prints didn't work for me. please make this in black! or grey! or any solid color. pretty please...	Dresses
This dress is very flattering and well made. i can hardly wait to wear it. it's one of my favorite retailer purchases.	Dresses
This dress is very cute on. very flouncy. i know it looks like a gingham dress, but it's a more like a silk dress with a gingham pattern. the one issue i had was that it ballooned out at the back where you tied it on any size (bug or small), and i am larger on top, so i don't know what would happen with someone with a small chest. i wouldn't have minded if it did the same thing on the front, but it was just the back.	Dresses
I kept coming back to look at this vest for the color and design and finally gave in. vest is my favorite when dress layer. i hesitate because no descriptions about the model height, the vest may look perfect on her and look like a maxi dress on my 5'4" body. it turned out just fine. the front is below my knees like the picture of the model. i love the beautiful red and the material that stretches just enough for my arms to move around . this is definitely a good buy.	Knits
I just bought this shirt last week in stores and i love it! it looks different on me. i bought an xs, though i'm 5'8" 135lbs. not typically an xs( though i'm pretty small on top). it's 3/4 sleeves on me and tight at my forarms. i love it! it so cute and you can't see in the picture but the design has a tiny bit of shimmer. the detail is cut out but not really see though so i don't feel like i have to wear a tank or anything under it as long as i wear a nude bra. did i mention i love it! i hope i	Knits
A really beautiful, well made dress. runs extremely big though! i'm not petite by any means and ordered a large but i'm positively swimming in it. an oversized look works for this particular dress, but i think it's supposed to be more fitted so i would recommend sizing down from what you might normally expect for a piece of this style.	Dresses
This top is gorgeous, but the sleeves are all wrong. they're very tight for about 5" at the bottom, right up to the elbow making it tight when i bend my arms. it's also loose in the armpit area, the bottom of the sleeve starts under my chest, and is styled that way, so i'm considering returning. i actually drove an hour to the nearest store to size up, but the sleeve feels even more tight. ugh! i love the quality & looks otherwise, and the front is double layered so no need to layer. the front i	Knits
Love this so much! i have received so manu compliments!	Knits
While the dress is pretty, it's a lot more boring than it seems online. the box top is actually a completely separate piece, which is kind of neat - you can choose to remove it or not. the box top is very wide (much wider than on the model) and very unflattering! also, the dress is a stiff silk fabric and doesn't flow like you would think it would. returning it!	Dresses
This is a sweet, lightweight top that i will wear again and again. nice touches in the front and back. little keyhole opening with two buttons at the neck in back.	Knits
Ordered this top online, as i loved the colors and design, but i should have listened to the other reviewers. i ordered my usual size m, and it was just very unflattering. it was short and wide, not at all like it's pictured on the model. needless to say it was immediately shipped back.	Knits
I ordered my usual medium. the tops length came only to my waist and was wide and unflatering.  the armholes were right under my arms. too bad as this looked so cute in the picture. i returned.	Knits
I think i ordered this in an xxs because of the other reviews making it sound like it ran large. and i'm happy with the size and overall look of this tee on me. i'm 5'3" about 105 lbs and 34aa (i generally order xs or xspetite). the cuffs of the sleeves are pretty tight and the v-neck is higher than i'd like but otherwise i really like the loose, casual fit. there's no armhole seam, they're dolman sleeves. the tee i got translates to "the beautiful coast". it does say made in usa on the label. a	Knits
Super cute and comfy, perfect for fall and winter (apre ski!). great with skinny jeans or leggings and ankle boots.	Knits
I had my eyes on this top ever since i saw it online. i couldn't be happier with it. it is very comfortable, flattering and unique. i think it will wear well into the fall with black skinnies.	Knits
Boxy, unflattering, and large.i'm 5'2'' and a curvy 135 pounds. this top (size s) swallowed me, had no shape, and the material didn't feel great either. i wouldn't even purchase it on sale--there are other graphic tees that are much nicer. i'll be sticking to splendid and sundry.	Knits
I liked it online, but i didn't want to pay shipping for something i wasn't sure if it is good. when i saw one size 4 in the store, i was excited to try it on. however, it didn't quite meet the expectation. the dress fits a little loose (donna morgan size 2 fits me better), and it is not lined at all. the separate top piece is just way too big without any shape. there must be a clip on the back of the top shown on the model to make it look smaller. i love the blue floral print, but that is the o	Dresses
Super comfortable and cute!! i have received tons of compliments one this dress. the material is soft and the print/colors are awesome. this dress will get a lot of use over fall, winter and spring. runs a little big. i am typically a s but chose the xs . love love love!	Dresses
This dress is short, but super flattering. i was surprised when i tried it on in-store that i liked it as much as i did! the lace detail around the neck is unique and beautiful. i'm 135, 5'8", 32dd and the small fits perfectly. it's easy to wear and can be dressed down with tights and boots, or dressed up.	Dresses
Wanted this dress several months ago, but it was out of stock. finally was able to order and very glad i did, it is perfect! it fits exactly as i had hoped, the length is great, right above my knee and it hangs beautifully. looks great with my caramel colored boots and i received many compliments. just hoping they do some more drop waist dresses, especially for summer.	Dresses
After the second wash, the stitching in the armpits completely fell apart. after sewing it back up, wearing it, and washing it a third time, the stitching in the other armpit completely fell apart as well. not sure if this was just a fluke, but it was very disappointing. now that both armpits are sewn and all other stitches are intact, i must say that this is a great dress. i would have returned the dress to retailer, but i've already washed and worn it, so again...very disappointing. i would say	Dresses
With all of the glowing reviews of this dress, i so badly wanted to adore this very special cocktail dress. it fit nicely, the quality was great, but there is a decorative (?) line of hook and eyes down the front which come undone with the slightest movement. i wore the dress out one time and was paranoid the entire time, kept glancing down to make sure i hadn't come undressed. i suppose i could've gotten out the needlenose and crimped them all shut, but decided to take it back. i didn't see tha	Dresses
Due to the black sheath being out of stock in all sizes (for quite some time), i took my chances ordering an 8p in navy which was way too big on me. i also didnt love the navy. i wish i could try the 6 or 6p in black but out of stock and wouldn't arrive in time for my events. sadly returning.	Dresses
Gorgeous pattern, even prettier in person! runs slightly large in my opinion, could size down. nice to have as a petite option.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store & loved the print so much i had to try it on. i definitely do not own anything like this. i tried on a m & i agree that it runs large & on my petite hourglass frame it was a bit overwhelming. however, i was prepared for that & paired it with a brown belt & absolutely loved it. the belt made the dress a little shorter & definitely accentuated my curves in a good way. such a beautiful, casual dress that is actually comfortable. i can't wait to wear it with tights with	Dresses
I just love this dress! it is so pretty and feminine and comfortable. the colors and patterns are perfect for both spring and fall and i know that this is one piece that i will get a lot of use out of. originally, i thought the cut would be a bit boxy but it is not at all. in fact, the fabric is beautiful, soft, and flowy with a lovely bohemian aesthetic. it looks great with tights, tall boots and a big floppy wool hat. any one considering this dress should defiantly try it on, as it is highly u	Dresses
I originally wanted the black in 00p but it wasn't available around the date of my husband's company party. i was bummed out until my 2nd choice (the navy) was delivered and wow! i love this dress. i felt stunning without having to show much skin. i followed another reviewer's advice and applied pliers to the front fasteners. the zipper in the back is all it takes to slip in to this hot-mama piece. i wore this dress with a simple gold cuff, neutral colored pumps, and a gold clutch. i look forwar	Dresses
This is a gorgeous dress. the print is beautiful and unique, however because it is baggy the dress does run big on smaller frames. i would definitely recommend sizing down.	Dresses
Fabulous dress. i was looking for that one dress that i could spend a little money on and wear to a variety of events, mostly weddings. i received tons of compliments and was very comfortable in it. the hooks on the front of the dress to start to unhook themselves if you don't really clamp down on them, but that was the only issue. i don't know how flattering this would be on shorter ladies, only because it ends right around your knees.	Dresses
I love this dress! perfect with high boots. and the quality of fabric looks and feels great. fits just like it shows in the picture.i am size 6 and i ordered the medium and its flows well on me. i like it a little looser for that boho look.	Dresses
I love this dress because it's so comfortable and has this hippie peasant vibe that i don't generally wear. plus it's a three season dress with pockets! bought the medium but i should have sized down to a small. on top i'm a m/l girl and the medium is huge. i'm not going to exchange since i wear a sweater over it right now. this dress looks good with or without a belt, with long boots, booties and sandals. so happy with this purchase!	Dresses
Byron lars knows how to make you look like a woman with his magical dresses! i decided to get the navy (i also own the sold-out marguerite aka carissima in bronze) instead of the black or white since everyone and their mother owns it already. the lace of the top is different--more delicate but less intricate. it's still very beautiful.  my body type is inverted and the dress is hourglass, so the size 8p fits great on top but loose on my hips and rear. i'm going to keep this dress and do mo	Dresses
When i ordered this online, i should have paid more attention to the picture. the dress comes to the knees of the 5'10" model. i was swimming in small petite size. i checked the label and wondered whether i received the wrong size. nope, it was ps. either the dress was mislabeled, or this is cut huge. returning. too bad because the shape and color are cute.	Dresses
This dress is one of my recent faves from retailer. the fit is great. i'm 5'8" and 145. i ordered the small and it's perfect.	Dresses
My mom pointed out this dress in the store a while back and i said "cute, but no way i could pull that off. "i am a short curvy and busty lady and have never been able to wear strapless dresses. i ended up ordering it for a wedding and it was a perfect fit!!! i got the petite small and the fit up top is snug but comfortable and holds the ladies in with no bra needed. amazing. the fabric is dreamy and this dress is so easily dressed up or down. hides flaws, excellent all around.	Dresses
This top is very cute and if you are short you will love it. i am tall and the dividing line of color block kept rising up over my bust so it looked weird. it made it look like an ill fitting maternity top. had to go back.	Knits
This dress runs a bit small. the large arm holes were unflattering to my small chest. also, this dress seemed to make my belly protrude. it kind of made me look pregnant in a way that no other dress has! i could see this dress being flattering on someone with a very flat stomach or a large chest. not me!!	Dresses
I ordered the navy/green combo in xl and it's prettier in person. the fit matches the model so it's true to size for me. it is loose through the body. it's not slimming but not widening either. if you like how it looks on the model, that's how it should be when you try it on.it's soft and flowy and perfect for feeling comfortable. i love how the arms and chest are more fitted. the material has give to it. the stitching everywhere was well-done, no loose strands. it's a great basic. i'm going t	Knits
The dress was just too ill fitting and bulky and large. it was more matronly looking then anything and did not fit well. if you are going to try it, probably size down 2 sizes. for reference, i'm 5'4" and 124 lbs. i bought my normal size 4 and it was very large. i would not recommend as it's just not flattering. i love one shoulder dresses and tops so was very disappointed as i'm an retailer devotee....	Dresses
I really like this top, the material is thicker than i thought which is a good thing! it fits me very well and is very comfortable. i definitely recommend this shirt!	Knits
This dress is quite lovely in person, but it runs very small, particularly in the bust. i'm usually okay with a large in retailer dresses (sometimes medium), but i had a hard time getting into this, and the top was literally about 10" from being able to zip up. granted, i have a larger than average bust, but that's still excessive, and the fabric has no give whatsoever.the online pictures are pretty accurate representations in terms of look and shape. i think it would probably be best for pear s	Dresses
Beautiful dress, stretch material makes sure it fits the figure nicely. great value.	Dresses
Tried on today, this dress has the most soft dreamy fabric i've ever felt. unfortunately for me, strapless dresses are not flattering on me, but for anyone looking for the perfect summer strapless, this is it. i am sad that it didn't work for me.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely charming. i could not find the petite size, so i went with the 0 regular. it was too, too large for me. felt more like a size 4. i am 5'2" and 112 pounds, thought the 0 would fit. the fabric is soft, the style charming and it is easy to fold and take on a trip- it didn't wrinkle in the package it was shipped in.	Dresses
I tried this dress on today and ended up buying it. its a thicker material and looks better in person. more red and white striped with an uneven hem. the back of the dress is a bit more like a swim suit. i probably is best for smaller chests. i'm guessing it runs a little bit big - as the medium fit nicely on me and lately i'm a large medium/small large.	Dresses
I've had my eye on this cute knit top for awhile and when there was a sale, i picked up both colors. they fit me like they do the model, a little loose and swingy, but not overly so. the colors look spot-on like the picture. i am rather top heavy, (34dd) but with the colors being darker on the top portion, i feel like this works without accentuating my bust too much. i am 5'4 and weigh 149, the medium worked out great. the knit is soft and it appears to be made well. the only drawback is a rough	Knits
There's a free people version of this top and this by far surpasses the fit of it. i'm 5'3 and purchased the xl and it fits me exactly like the model. i would say it is tts and extremely soft.	Knits
I do recommend this dress with some caveats. 1: it'll be difficult to find a bra that won't show straps, and 2: it's very figure flattering so if you're body conscious, particularly tummy	Dresses
I tried this on in the store in a size 4, and it was too tight. i'd need a 6 or possibly a 8, if i wanted a little room. (the store didn't have either.) though it was too tight, it was very flattering and more comfortable than i assumed. the neckline is a little awkward. the front straps of my racerback bra peeked out the sides. this might not be an issue with a bigger size.	Dresses
Although the dress is heavy like other reviews mentioned, it is sturdy enough to not be see through and the material is extremely soft. i am currently an xs or small in nearly all retailer clothing however a d cup bra, i think that if you are a smaller person the dress may be too much to carry, but for those of us that find it is sometimes hard to get a great fit on top and still fitted through the waist ...it is perfect! many compliments & the hem is so fun...also other reviews mentioned the bow	Dresses
I love this dress. the fabric is butter soft, the strapless top stays in place and it hangs beautifully. it is such a wonderfully comfortable summer dress. as previously stated, i'm in love.	Dresses
Let's begin with the fabric....it's heavy, but not in a burdensome way. as soon as you put it on, you feel like you have a quality piece of clothing on. next: aesthetics---this dress is flowy and feminine. and a bonus, it made me look bustier than i am; perhaps because of the stripes. i didn't find myself pulling this dress up all the time. once i put it on, it stayed in place perfectly. bottom line: this dress goes from dressy to casual without a second thought. and it's on sale--grab this one	Dresses
Maeve did it again! great material, vivid color and amazing fit. i tried this dress on 2 weeks ago but didn't purchase. when i saw that they were having a sale i couldn't get to the store quick enough!ladies, if you're bottom heavy like i am then this dress will make you look awesome!	Dresses
The retailer stylist had showed me this on my way out of the fitting room and i'm so glad she did. i went back in to try it on and loved it!! it almost has a "spanx" like stretch to the material which perfectly keeps its shape and is so well made. i also really liked the open part in the back because it adds an extra something to the dress but you can still wear a strapless bra if you desire. i plan on wearing it at the beach on the 4th of july:-)	Dresses
Cute dress but way too big. i ordered a 2 petite and i'm swimming in it. i'm usually a size 2-4 and 5'4".will exchange for smaller size since i think it would be really great if fit properly.	Dresses
I love this dress. the fabric is a little heavy, so it won't blow away on a windy day (and bonus, even with my triple d chest i'm comfortable not wearing a bra with this) but may not be what you want to wear on a really hot day. the shape is flattering on any body type-i am 6 months pregnant and it still looks great. it can go from spring to summer to fall quite easily, with the addition of a jean jacket and some converse or vans instead of sandals. i'd absolutely recommend this dress.	Dresses
This t is very cute and comfortable. could be worn casually or dressed up a little bit with jeans.very cute pattern on the shoulder area. love this top!	Knits
Bought the green t shirt. very pretty subtle floral detail near the shoulders. love scalloped neck design. this t is more sheer than the average t so i'll be layering it over a tank. fit is true to size.	Knits
Cute and comfy! i usually wear a small but bought a medium because it appeared to run a little small.	Knits
This dress is very beautiful and looks great on, however had to downsize one size.	Dresses
I love this dress! i was worried it would swallow my petite frame but it is flowy yet flattering. i have worn it to several different occasions. it looks great with tights and boots and just flats. the lace detailing makes it unique.	Dresses
This dress isn't as fitted as it looks on the model. it appear to be more of a shift dress. as gorgeous as the print and quality are, it doesn't look great on me. for reference, i'm 5'5 105lbs and bought xs. for whatever reason, the high neckline isn't flattering on me. i do personally think this dress is perfect if you have broad shoulders.	Dresses
This dress is really flattering on. fits true to size. perfect length, i'm 5'6" & dress hits just a few inches above my knees. it's simple, yet versatile seasonally. right now i plan to wear it with booties & sandals in the spring.	Dresses
The fun coloring of this tee gives what would otherwise be a basic tee it's flare. it is a very soft shirt and will be cute with anything. the length is good too - you can tuck in or leave out. i believe it is tts. it might be a little sheer in some lights, but i think you could pull it off with a nude-colored bra. it's not sheer enough to me to warrant an undershirt.	Knits
It is a cute top and i loved the fit and it's super soft feel, but i'm kind of getting tired of the sheer shirt thing this year. i bought this for the summer and it's hot here so not wanting to have to wear a shirt under my shirt. it's not crazy sheer, but still undecided. if you live in a state with no sweat, you'll probably be fine. :) i'll have to walk around and try it in different lighting situations and think about it?	Knits
Love this dress. i wear a size large, but had to return and order a medium, planning to wear with boots. it's a light dress, cute for work. the only downside is that it wrinkles easily.	Dresses
Very high quality dress. there are two layers (the under navy and over white crochet) which makes this worth the price. however it is very straight, making the dress fit like a bag if you have hips or boobs. tried petite and regular and both were too baggy even in xs.	Dresses
This is a bit pricey, but i think the akemi and kin quality is worth the price. this photo is quite inadequate to let you see the gorgeous dye color and floral detail. the sleeves are upturned and tacked; the curvy hem is very flattering, and the designer added a small triangle of cloth at the top of the curvy side, just to add to the careful, custom detail. the 60% cotton/40% modal is deliciously soft. the fine detail in cut, fit, artistic design will make this not simple tee a divine pleasure	Knits
I was so excited to see this yellow dress online but was disappointed with the color when it arrived. the yellow us much darker than pictured. i felt the dress ran true to size but if you're short you definitely want to go with petite sizes.	Dresses
I love this tee. it is light weight and fits perfectly. the additional accents like cuff work and detail around the neck makes it original.	Knits
I love this dress so much that i bought it in 2 colors: one in blue and one in orange. great style, comfortable and quality material. however, the cut is much, much deeper than it appears in the pictures. women with bust should be conscious of that. the blue is the better color. the orange looks more like a fluorescent, red-orange. still cute, but not as subtly muted as it appears in the pics. overall, great dress. even better with the sale price.	Dresses
I got this dress in navy for my engagement photos and i got so many compliments on the design and fit of the dress. it's very comfortable and stretchy so i got a 6 petite and it fit perfectly, where normally i need an 8 or a 10 because clothes are made so tight now. it was light weight and fit great in the bust and fell nicely over the hips. and for the bottom of the dress being white, it surprisingly wasn't see through. i wouldn't go wearing bright red under the dress but there is definitely no	Dresses
Love it - love the color, fabric and buttons. really comfortable! relaxed fit	Knits
This dress just fits weird. maybe it works for somebody..... there is a reason it has been put on sale...	Dresses
I bought the orange version during the tag sale and was so pleasantly surprised when it arrived. it fits very well and is made from thick, high quality material. i only wish they had more colors! sizing--i bought the 2p and it fits well, although a 0p may have fit better. the dress is fairly low cut on me, although i am small chested, but i wouldn't feel comfortable wearing it to work.	Dresses
I got this dress in the navy blue and it fits perfect. there is a little too much fabric in the middle, but it allows the dress the stretch more. the fabric on the button is a little thin and not lined, but you really can't see anything through it. i'm 5'2" and usually purchase the petite, but the regular fit just fine and hit me about mid knee. the petite would have probably been too short.	Dresses
I ordered the black and white version online, and the dress fit perfectly. it was very well-made with a nicely textured, heavier cloth, and the overall appearance is very classy. it is a versatile dress, and i would highly recommend it!	Dresses
Bought the green/blue - colors are bright, fabric is so soft. the neckline is just right for a small chest. the top is structured nicely, giving you a figure flattering fit.	Dresses
Nice, flowy dress... only thing is that it has the high low skirt which i think is getting outdated. beyond that, it is a cute dress.	Dresses
I bought the blue/green color. it was absolutely beautiful...i paired it with a green sweater jacket for inside and took the sweater off as it warmed up. very comfortable, versatile, flexible and the color is rich. i am 5'5 and 147 pds and the m fit perfect.	Dresses
I ordered the red/orange but it was much brighter than i expected (felt almost neon). and the dress felt much more casual than i expected from the pictures online. that said, it's a great dress and i am keeping it - just adjusting my expectations/what i plan to wear it for.	Dresses
Runs very big. i ordered a l and need a m. unfortunately no medium left! great top with lots of character. hate i missed this cute top	Knits
I bought this in the orange color. might not be the color for everyone but with my coloring looked great, very similar to the picture online. fit is perfect, very comfortable. the fabric is night, stretching but flattering. bought this with the 30% off sale, not sure i would have paid full price based on the fabric. but love that i got if for extra off the sale. wish the others were in stock because i would have bought them too.	Dresses
This is a great dress that i was eyeing for some time. i bought it after new year's with the 40% off discount. unfortunately the dress arrived with a defect so i have to have it fixed.the quality of the dress is amazing. the details are truly unique. one could tell that the dress is very well made. however, it does run large. i bought the xs and feel that i could have downsized at least one to two sizes! it's very comfortable and it could be dressed up or down.overall, im happy with the purc	Dresses
I bought this dress thinking it would be cute for christmas in florida but when i received it i wasn't so sure about a christmas dress. i like it for a casual night out with high boots. super cute!! i received many compliments!	Dresses
I loved wearing this outside on a hot day! the fabric is a nice quality. you can't tell in the photos, but it is a jersey/knit fabric. the color labeled red that looks orange is actually coral. it's a nice color. i usually wear a true size 2, and that's what i ordered, but i found that it is slightly big. i can wear it, but would have preferred half a size to a full size smaller. a versatile dress that you can wear often!	Dresses
I ordered this online and was so excited to try it! unfortunately it didn't work for me. maybe its the style but i had issues with the fit. maybe i'm too long waisted, it just didn't seem to fall properly. i liked the fabric, loved the length, could see getting a lot of use from this. i would definitely recommend trying it on!	Dresses
This dress has a great shape and fabric - but the v neckline is too deep/low and the arm holes are also cut too low. would loved to have been able to keep it but had to return.	Dresses
This is a really nice quality dress. it is a low-cut v-neck but the fabric is form fitting so its not revealing when u move. i love the top part of the dress but the skirt just did nothing for me. it's a soft material but the skirt almost resembles a bath towel in look and feel. i am petite in size (5'0" 100lbs). i will be returning due to the skirt being to loose on me in width rather than length. also, the center pleat of the skirt makes it look a bit odd. the skirt hit right at knee height.	Dresses
So many things to love: love the mod kind of style, the forgiving pleats and empire waist and the fabric quality. but the neckline is just way too deep. if they didn't pin the one on the model, i'm a monkey's uncle. that super low neckline takes what should be a nice day dress and turns it into something you can't really wear in a church or in front of your dad. i seriously considered altering it, but the waist is already so high, i felt it would ruin the line of the dress.	Dresses
I didn't go with the intention of even looking at a dress, but decided to try this on. once i did, i knew that i had to get it. it's so cute. i got the one listed as green motif, which is actually a royal blue bodice. the colors are vibrant and it's so comfortable.	Dresses
I really like this dress. it has a very flattering cut and a stretchy forgiving fit so you could go your normal size or up a size and both would fit great. i got the red (orange) and i have worn it once and got 3 compliments in the few hours i was out. great buy! especially on sale ;)	Dresses
Ordered a size 0, my usual at retailer... very flattering, fits well	Dresses
Cute, light summer dress. wish it worked for me. the tank part of the dress is light and super comfy. the bottom part of the dress is narrow and a bit fitted, doesn't work for a curvy bottomed girl.	Dresses
I grabbed my typical size (8) and found it fit snug in the bust. the fabric has plenty of stretch, so the snugness was fine, especially because it meant there was no gaping along the neckline in the front. it's lowcut, but i didn't feel particularly exposed. i ended up not buying it because i don't think it fit my body right. the distance between the top of the shoulder and the bottom of the arm hole was too long for me - a significant portion of my bra was exposed at the bottom of the arm hole	Dresses
I was drawn to the green/blue color in store! it's so cute and comfortable. i'm usually a size 2/4 and needed the 2. the bodice is flattering and the length was perfect on me. i'm even 4 months pregnant with my 2nd baby and this will work with my growing belly for another month or so. it's got great stretch!	Dresses
This top is very airly and swingy. definitely need to wear skinny jeans to off set the volume on top. it is a pretty top and also unique so i kept it.	Knits
I like the feel, stretch and softness of this dress, it's very comfortable. sadly, as others have commented, the armhole openings are just too long causing the dress to fit and look a little off around the chest area on me. i considered sizing down to a 4, but it fit beautifully other than the armhole area. unfortunately it will have to go back. i am 5'7",120 lbs, 34d and ordered a 6.	Dresses
I was very pleasantly surprised by the beautiful, intricate threaded material of this shirt! it takes the shirt from a casual top to an intricate and unique piece in my closet that can be dressed up or down. the top is definitely larger than i expected - i wear a size small (ordered a small) and it's very wide (lots of extra material) as it falls! i checked it to see if i had accidentally received a large when it first came. it looks like a baby doll shirt, with the shirt getting wider and more	Knits
This dress is gorgeous in person. it is so much softer than it appears the photo and the fabric moves well. what you can't see from the picture is that the bodice sort of overhangs the skirt by an inch or so which is really nice for accentuating a small waist and separates the top from the bottom in a cool way. i am 5'6" 135 lbs and curvy. 36-26-39 for reference. i ordered the 4 and it is loose although still flattering thanks to the forgiving cut. wish i had gotten a 2 but now they are sold	Dresses
This is a very pretty dress. the previous reviewers helped a lot when it came to deciding which size to order. typically i am a 0 or 2, sometimes a 4. in this dress i ordered a 6. that was the perfect size. the coloring is cute, unique, and very versatile. for me it wasn't a keeper because the material was soooo heavy, feels like canvas almost. if you're looking for a dress to layer under a chunky sweater on a cold day i imagine this would work. but for me it was a no.	Dresses
I noticed some reviewers didn't like the loose shape of the dress. it is indeed a dress with a looser silhouette than most! but that's what makes it unique and expensive looking! i loved the extra material in the dress, especially in the back, it flowed gracefully and beautifully. i can imagine wearing this dress for many occasions and feeling instantly chic with minimal effort! :) it was also very figure flattering! i ordered the size l and it was a perfect knee length, so i would say this dres	Dresses
Cute top, perfect by itself or for layering. i sensed it would run large, so i ordered an xxs, 115 lbs, 5'2".	Knits
36dd, size 10/12 top and 12/14 bottomthese tank tops are literally the best thing i have ever purchased from retailer. the colors and patterns are gorgeous - i have four of these (yellow, green, navy birds and the white with navy flower)! the top layer and middle liner are heavy, high quality polyester. the bottom layer is a comfortable knit. the extra layers make this top warmer than most tanks - it's perfect for layering under a sweater or jacket. it's very loose and flowy. i could have	Knits
Such a cute and comfy dress to wear. colors are vibrant just as they appear in the picture. the m fit was better for me than the small. ( 5'7', 140lbs for reference.) it's such a great dress to throw on and go. love it!	Dresses
I love this dress. i bought it 2 weeks ago and have already worn it 3 times, each time receiving multiple compliments. it is easy, comfortable and cute. also love that you can tie it in the back or the front. great dress!	Dresses
I saw this dress in the catalog and immediately ran to the store to purchase. then i realized the dress in the catalog is slightly different, but the small differences is what makes the catalog dress so much more unique and worth the money! look at the top, the stripe colors are different. and the stripes flow different on the skirt part as well. and the dress was short on me and i'm two inches shorter than the model. bummer.	Dresses
I'll start with what i loved, this dress is made with a really beautiful, quality material. the material is gorgeous in person and the dress is lined which is really nice. however the fit is just so very strange. i am 5'6" and curvy. i tried both a medium and a small (for reference i usually take a medium or large/ size 8 or 10) the medium was so large and too roomy around the arms and chest (i'm 34 d) the small was too tight. the v neck lay in a very strange way and i'm not sure it would have b	Dresses
This dress reminds me of a fabric used for curtains. it is sturdy beautiful and strong. i looked like a large picture window in it. if i was 5'10" and 120 pounds it may have worked ?	Dresses
I was worried at first that this dress might make me look like a circus tent but it is actually incredibly flattering. also super comfy! first day wearing if i got compliments from friends and strangers!	Dresses
Nice quality fabric and design, but found the armhole cut weirdly and fit of upper bodice strange. wanted to love it but sadly sent it back	Dresses
Likes: colors, the design of the flower is very pretty, the color-blocking is a nice touch and in this season, but, it is pretty short.i bought thh petite right off the bat as i assumed i would need that, but i really dind't. it ended up beign too short.#/4 sleeves always flattering, but hte cut is meant to be comfy, i think it would have looked better on me if it was a little more hourglass hsaped (if that makes sense#.i am usually xs, and that was fine, so buy your usual size ok #one siz	Dresses
Gorgeous, but so, so, small. recommend ordering 2 sizes up.	Dresses
This is not only comfortable but incredibly flattering. being 6'0" it's also long enough for me.	Dresses
I really liked this dress in so many ways. i'm tall and pear-shaped so the flowy shape is great for me. however, the deal-breaker was how the armholes were cut. it isn't that obvious in the photos, but they are cut in around the bust in the front in a way that was really weird looking on me, and it was too expensive to keep something that's unflattering. too bad, if they had just had a normal armhole it would have been a home run. lovely fabric and nice that it has pockets.	Dresses
This dress is super cute, flattering and well made but it runs very small. i am usually a 6 so from other reviews i ordered an 8 and it is still tight in the hip area. it zips but the fabric pulls a bit in the front and it rides up when i walk. i am going to try and exchange it for a 10 because i think i'll get lots of wear out of it.	Dresses
I love the cut of this dress. i can see how some would not like the way the arms are cut. i love the pockets and the way this dress flows when you walk it it. it's very fun to wear. i am wearing it to an awards show and was a little worried it may be too casual but the texture and weight of the fabric make it look more dressy. i will be getting a lot of mileage out of this dress.	Dresses
If you think you can pull this off by all means try it. the fabric is excellent quality--thick yet soft, and the floral print is lovely (unlike a lot of the prints this season). i am not exactly short (5'6") and not wide (34-26-36), but this made me look like a houseboat. too bad, as it is such an interesting cut. i ordered down since i can sometimes wear an xs, but the bottom was still voluminous.	Dresses
Love this dress and so sorry it's not available in xxs. tried on today in store and the xs was very large in the upper body. i normally wear a 2-4, so this was surprising. if you happen to need probably size 6 or larger, you're in luck!	Dresses
Very well made dress but runs extremely small! definitely size up!	Dresses
Snagged this dress in store today. the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it is dry clean only although i will probably attempt to home wash. it runs very large. i am usually a medium but currently nursing a baby so need large to fit the chest but i bought this dress in a small. also, it can be elegantly worn backward so the zipper is in front to provide nirsing access. i don't think anyone but you would know you are wearing it backwards. very heavy fabric which makes it drape nicel	Dresses
This dress looks cute online, but it is enormous. i bought a small, but it looked more like a 3x plus size. i tried it on, just in case, and honestly it looked like a great dress for a clown. this dress must have had two feet of fabric pinned behind the model in the photo.	Dresses
I've been eyeing this dress for months, so when it went on sale i finally purchased it. now i see why it's on sale.the dress runs extremely large and has no shape.... looks like a potatoe sack and i feel like moo...moo in it!this will be going back to the store!!!!	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress! when i wear it i feel so graceful and pretty. the belt allows you to tie it so that if your weight fluctuates up or down, it still looks great. i think i'm going to be wearing this dress all summer. love, love, love. i think my only quibble would be that the lining on the inside fits more snugly than the dress itself, and when i was walking it rode up (it's like a stretchy mesh type material). but i'm carrying a few more pounds than i'd like right now. once i lo	Dresses
The dress is pretty and like retailer it is nice quality, i just didn't keep it because it had no shape on me and even with a belt didn't look right. i would have gone down a size in this dress also.	Dresses
I have been eyeing this dress online for a while but never could justify the price. well, when it went on sale, i couldn't pass up the opportunity. it arrived today and is even better than i expected. very flattering cut, long enough for tall people (i'm 5'10") and beautiful colors. i ordered s (my usual size in retailer dresses, i'm 145 lbs, 36c) and it fits perfectly. this will definitely be my go-to dress for the rest of the summer. i love all my retailer dresses but sometimes find them a tad	Dresses
I had high hopes for this top based on the photos, but when it arrived it is a very thin cheap feeling top. the color is a dusty rose color that has a yellowish mottle throughout it, almost like a tie dye or slub effect. not pretty at all.	Knits
Love this top! it is fitted through the shoulders and arms and has a slight swing. the peplum falls at a great spot and the material lays nicely. very flattering on my 5 months postpartum body that is on the rebound. i got the blue but i might get the pink too!	Knits
This dress is very cute. the material is high quality and as others have mentioned it isn't jet black, but more muted. the cut of the neckline is very flattering and the pockets are definitely a bonus. you could dress this up or down with flats or heels - it's very versatile. it will be perfect for summer and in the evening you can throw a sweater or even a moto jacket over it. definitely worth every penny.	Dresses
I was a little nervous to purchase this top as there were no previous reviews. but it intrigued me- especially with the sale price! i love it! i am 5' 6" and got the small. it hits just at/below my knee in the front and a few inches above my ankle in the back. it is perfect with a pair of skinny jeans or leggings. what makes it go from a frumpy tunic to a cute flowy top is the slits up the side. a beautiful touch! the neck is very high- almost a cross between a turtle neck and a hooded look. i l	Knits
I did not have the same experience as the other reviewers. found the color just as pictured - a dusty pink (made to look worn - so may not be your thing). fabric hangs nicely and is slimming on me. long enough for leggings but great with jeans, booties and long necklace (needs accessorizing). the aged look may not be for all, but overall i love it.	Knits
Loved the design and legnth but the material was not a light and soft as i expected. i would get this in another fabric.	Knits
I adore this dress, but i never would have bought it if i didn't wear it with a belt. as some reviewers have said, it's a sack. the belt takes care of this. it still isn't a slimming dress, but i really don't mind--the elegance and comfort make up for it.i'm 5'10", 34c, and curvy in the hips, and the medium fit perfectly. i could see this fitting strangely if you were larger in the bust.	Dresses
When i saw this top online, i thought i'd love it and immediately ordered it in both colors. they arrived today and i am soooo disappointed. i have never seen such drab colors. the blue is a muddy grayish hue (like an overcast day) and the pink is a dusty shade of peach. yuck. and i was hoping the ruffle at the bottom would have a chiffon-like flowy effect. instead, the ruffle is made of a cheap looking knit. back these go...	Knits
I really wanted to like this dress. i am 5'3" 125 lbs and this dress was about 4 inches too long. the hem created a puddle around my feet. i've bought other maxis from retailer without this problem. sadly it went back to the store.	Dresses
Great color. great length. will go perfect with leggings and skinny jeans/pants. this will work well when the weather transitions and will be super cute under a cardigan when it gets cold.	Knits
The title says it all. while the quality was good, when i put this dress on a felt like i was wearing a shapeless sack fashioned out of wallpaper. the length was longer than on the model (makes sense since i am only 5'5"), which was ok, but the overall fit was just too big. i am a size 2 and tried the xs, which was huge. just not flattering or breezy or sexy in any way. going back!	Dresses
This dress is of excellent quality, made from fairly heavy fabric. the drape of the dress is beautiful - the dress definitely works if you're tall and slender. i'm 5'9, 32b, 125lbs, and i have the xs.	Dresses
Man, this dress is the worst. i don't understand how it looks the way it does on the model. agree with previous reviewer - there must be a minimum of 200 pins pulling the waves and waves of extra fabric back. this dress looks so cute , but is so, so, so disappointing in person. sweater collar and cuffs - stiff and bulky. dress - billowy and sack-like - not sure how they got a belt to pull it all in. save yourself the return and do not get sucked in by the sale price and extra sale discount like	Dresses
I was so ready to love this dress but it runs extremely small - like you should maybe purchase a size 2 sizes bigger than what you normally wear.	Dresses
I just received my back-ordered wildberry top in blue. it's not blue but instead a dull, mottled purplish hue. it looks like a well-worn, stretched out tee shirt with a tired ruffle along the bottom. so disappointing. it's going back for sure.	Knits
I wore this dress for this first time today, and it is a head-turner. sure to be a new favorite! i received several compliments while out running errands. the dress is flattering to my hourglass shape (i tied it in the back). it is not at all clingy; it flows nicely. the top of the dress is bra-friendly and not too low cut. i am 5'8" and found the length to be just right for me; the medium skims the tops of my feet, and i wore the dress with flat sandals. unlike another reviewer, the dress i rec	Dresses
Light and distinctive design. the fabric seems somehow synthetic and in very warm weather might become not so fresh	Dresses
So disappointed. i love retailer! this was a huge disappointment. i am 5'3" and 120 pounds. when i put it on, all i could think was that i looked just like a clown due to the big cowl neck and how large and round the dress made me look. if i wasn't so disappointed, i might have laughed. this had to have been a design mistake. i've truly never seen something so unflattering.	Dresses
Such a great dress. fit is flattering. the small v cut in the front and beading around the neckline keep it from becoming a boring lbd. classy enough to wear to a funeral but can be dressed up with some killer shoes. thrilled with purchase!	Dresses
Unusual design and striking color make this the perfect dress this winter season. the fit is flattering and the design makes it perfect for work or play.	Dresses
The material is wonderful and the dress is lined. plenty of room in the bodice area for a 36d bust. will be wearing a lot this season.	Dresses
I tried it on at store and went back to buy it once it hit the sale rack. not the kind of dress that grabbed my attention online, but once i put it on i knew that it would find a way to my closet. the fabric is high quality, and there is lots of it. the color, the weight, the pockets- i love everything about it. i see how it might not work for everyone, but for me (5'7, 135 lb, 36b) xs is a great fit.	Dresses
I don't usually wear maxi dresses because i am tall (5'10) so they usually aren't "maxi" on me. i'm also hourglass shaped and maxis with no waist definition make me look frumpy. this dress solves both those problems! it's very long and the waist has attached ties to define and keep it from being too billowy. it's also lined to the knees so you can wear with confidence but still have the bottom be light and breezy.	Dresses
The pink version of this top finally arrived -- nearly 2 months after ordering. the expected delivery date kept slipping. the color is not as shown online. online it looks like a light pink. the actual top was more of taupe color. it's a basic tee with pretty ruffling at the bottom. not enough to keep.	Knits
I love this dress, the print is beautiful, the fabric has a nice heavy drape and the cut is simple but unique. i'm short and curvy so generally shapeless dresses don't work on me, this is an exception.i ordered the regular instead of the petite and it is full length on me, which i think i like more than if it were a midi.the armholes do cut in, i wasn't sure if i liked that until i sized down and it fit closer.my husband chuckled that it's a little mrs. roper... i don't care, i'm wea	Dresses
Easy, fun and flattering. fits tts. i normally wear a m/l or 10/12. i ordered a large and it fits well. the tie at the back lets you wear it as tight or loose as you want it. the length is good for my 5'9 frame.	Dresses
I wasn't expecting to love to this dress as much as i do. the length and horizontal stripes (petite was sold out and my torso is square) are automatically two strikes but the sale-on-sale price was begging me to give it a go. so glad i did! the cut and flare are flattering. the self to tie is slimming and can be styled different ways. the regular length is doable when i wear platform wedges. the colors scream summer and vacation fun. my only problem is the feel of the fabric--liner is fin	Dresses
I am 5'3, 120 lbs and i got xs petite. it fits beautifully and hits me a couple inches above my ankle bone. as stated in my review title, the material is quite heavy and great quality, which helps it hang nicely. cut high enough under the armholes and snug enough under the arms and across the top of my chest so the fullness at the bottom is proportional. love it with my lace-up espadrilles!	Dresses
This is a gorgeous dress. the fabric has the look of linen (though it is not) and the lining is a soft mesh. looks both relaxed and stylish.	Dresses
This top is just darling! the body of the top is lightweight "sweatshirt" type material that's dyed to appear well used. the ruffling along the bottom is color coordinated and beautifully textured. great to wear with leggings! the back hangs lower than the front so your rear will be covered. extremely comfortable, machine washable. an unexpectedly "nicer than it looks online" garment. i bought the blue version which looks more lavender irl.	Knits
It is one of the best dress for the season. light, nice color, elegant, can not find more word of it. really great buy! this brand has very special design that really amazed me recently. just want to give a+ to the designer.	Dresses
I cannot say enough good things about this dress. as a petite person (5'0), it is so hard to find things that fit well without alterations, but this dress fit perfectly. it's also so well-made: the fabric is soft, comfortable, and gorgeously detailed, and the dress is lined which makes it feel durable and gives the skirt some volume (in a good, flattering way)! i got it shortened by about 2", but this dress fits like a dream.	Dresses
The cowl and cuffs of the dress are thick and heavy sweater material, but the dress itself is extremely thin. the non-belted pictures do not show how much volume there is to the dress, which was enormous in my normal size.	Dresses
So disappointed! i couldn't even get it on. definitely order a size up!	Dresses
Very attractive pattern and color. the black is so soft that it seems close to sepia. the length was fine. the fabric, meaning the dress, is quite heavy for not having a lining except just around the bra area---even though the facing didn't successfully substitute for a bra in my opinion. the arm holes are cut in quite a bit so one would have to find the appropriate bra.the dress runs very large. i ordered an xs petite. it was about 2 inches too large (4 inches total) on either side across the	Dresses
I normally wear a size 12 because of my shoulders and back. after reading reviews after purchasing dress online, i was expecting it to be too small. it is, in fact, somewhat large. i love the way i feel in it. i am 5'8 and the length is perfect. i cannot wait to wear it. the black is so soft. love the boho feel, yet classic and feminine..	Dresses
Love this dress. great lightweight fabric, bold colors, and lined to the knee. the lining makes sure the dress lies smooth, but it breaths well so it doesn't add extra heat. i found it ran true to size and it's a good length for tall girls. i like that you can tie the belt in the front or back. looks great on it's own or dress it up with a statement necklace. there is also a nice girth to the skirt giving it lots of movement. great find.	Dresses
This is an amazing summer dress! so pretty it stood out even though only a few were left on the rack. it's light, airy and perfect even for the hottest summer days. the straps are not adjustable but for me the dress was not too low and it fit just like on the model pictured. a very thin belt comes with it but adds nothing ,only detracts. i am usually a s or m in retailer sizing and the s was perfect.  ( for ref. 5'7', 140 lbs) this dress is so flawless and beautiful and i feel wonderful wearing	Dresses
This dress has way too much material. the material is really soft and beautiful but there's too much of it. it feels like you're wearing a big sack. sadly i'll be returning it.	Dresses
I am a petite girl, 5'2"/105 lbs- i bought size s and it fits me just right. i love the way the fabric feels on my body. i tried this dress with flat shoe and it doesn't make me look short. the colors are vibrant but not too bright which makes it perfect for any time of the year to wear.	Dresses
Unlike the other two reviews , i found this dress horrid. i ordered a xs since i am between that and a s. it was just too much fabric for me. . i have a small frame, so it was just so overwhelming, the armholes were big and i felt like i had a bag on me. colors were nice and fabric was soft and light.. the belt made no sense as others have said. length was good. i tried it on as soon as i got it and couldn't take it off fast enough. i literally ran to the post office and back it goes. this is my	Dresses
Too full of a dress for me. i tried a belt and it is then too chunky. if you are younger, tall and slim, this would look great	Dresses
When i received the dress i went to try it on and one of the loops for the string to cinch the dress broke. guess that's gonna have to go back	Dresses
I tried on almost every dress in the shop today, and this is the dress. as soon as i tried it on i started twirling around. i felt beautiful and i couldn't stop smiling. my mother said that it makes my blue eyes glow. it flatters my figure by hanging perfectly across my bust-line, floating over my curves, and camouflaging my little unappealing bumps. also, the dress is cut nicely under the arms which allows coverage for a strapless bra. i chose the medium size even though i usually wear a large	Dresses
Love this dress! the other reviews were accurate. it is a lot of fabric and i can't decide whether i will actually use the belt that it came with. but i think it would be a great, beachy dress for the summer.	Dresses
Omg, i am 5'8 size 14, big hips and i simply love love, love this dress! when i first saw myself in the mirror i just loved the way it fell and gypsy style of it. the material is rich and soft. i caught it on sale under a hundred bucks and it is more than worth it!	Dresses
Found this dress on the sale rack, but the store did not have my size. fortunately they were able to order & ship it free. the colors & fabric caught my eye right away. it reminds me of a vintage apron print, but in a good way. i'm tall with a long torso & ihad to lower the waist tie.	Dresses
... between looking fat and looking like you have a human being on tap (which is way longer than you would imagine). another reviewer mentioned that this makes your boobs look huge when cinched which is true, and also ok since my boobs are huge now. if i wasn't pregnant i'm not sure i would go with this because it definitely has a lot more fabric to it than the model photos make it appear, especially when you cinch. but for 6 months pregnant, this dress made me feel fab.u.lous since it toned dow	Dresses
The pattern and fabric on this dress are very nice. there is just too much fabric. it's much too baggy but could make a nice maternity dress. i'll be returning it.	Dresses
I have a love-hate relationship with this dress. the fabric and print are beautiful but like most swing styles, this dress doesn't work if you're curvy. tried on an xs in the store which was huge, ordered an xxsp, the length was perfect but the dress does nothing for a pear-shape. looks marginally better cinched in with the belt but i was lost in all the fabric and the skimming nature of the dress did nothing for me. as my boyfriend said, "that looks like something you'd wear if you were pregnan	Dresses
I was so excited to get this dress. i saw someone try it on in the store and waited all season for it to go on sale. i loved it except for the seam that was right at the neckline in the front. they didn't even try to match up the fabrics. it was so obvious and cheap looking that i had to send this dress back. so sad!	Dresses
Love everything about this. i bought this after reading other reviews. beautiful fabric, i'm 5'10", 135 and bought the small and fits perfect. it's great with heels or flats... seriously just makes you want to twirl, dance, skip, you name it.	Dresses
I bought this beautiful dress at the store yesterday and had some assistance from staff, which was great. the tie, that another reviewer referred to, is essential, i believe. when tied in the back, slightly high and sinched just enough to define smallest part of waist, it falls beautifully and frames the center panel perfectly. i, personally,  would never cut the tie off. at least try it this way before making that decision.	Dresses
As soon as i saw this dress i ordered it...i didn't want to miss out on it. i loved the look...the colors were so fun and bright...i thought it was going to be my perfect dress for an upcoming trip to hawaii. i am 5'4" about 118#. i ordered a pxs. when it arrived i loved the feel of the fabric and the colors but was wondering what it would look like on as it was a lot of fabric. i know it is to be flowing but on me it was just awful. part is that the ties on the shoulder are sewn in place so i c	Dresses
Got the petite size. dress is swing style, so extra fabric is expected. can wear a nude bra or strapless. dress is beautiful in person, more so than online. very comfy and stands out without being flashy, just pretty and different. nice silk (matte, not shiny).	Dresses
This dress is soft, comfortable, beautiful and drapes so nicely - not tent-like at all. i wasn't sure about sizing, and went with some reviewers who recommended sizing down, but the small in the strap/underarm area so i am exchanging for my usual medium. as another reviewer noted, you cannot adjust the straps, they are stitched together not tied together. i considered having it altered but was assured there are plenty in stock. i cannot wait for it to arrive! perfect for summer, or fall with a c	Dresses
I purchased this dress as an easy option to throw on after the gym or on a weekend trip without fuss. the fabric is soft, hangs well, and it is well-lined. but it's also a little more bilious than perhaps necessary to be beautiful and flowing. as in, i'm very comfortable in this dress, but it's not a dress i receive compliments while wearing. perhaps it reads as maternity wear without the belt.	Dresses
I am a curvy size 8. i loved the colors but found it looked maternity when unbelted and there was too much bunchy fabric at the waist when tied. i tend to like things that emphasize my waist, however.	Dresses
Beautiful colors in this dress that can be worn as a swing dress, belted with the tie, or tied in the back. stunning!	Dresses
But like other reviewers said, it looks nothing like the picture of the model. i am 5'3" and 110 lbs, i usually wear an xs in maeve and i ordered the xs petite - the straps are not adjustable so the top part of the dress is up too high and then there is just so much material, it looks like i'm 6 months pregnant. and i usually love loose dresses like this, but the way this falls really does make you look like you are hiding a sack of potatoes. so bummed, because the material is beautiful and i lo	Dresses
This is a perfect dress for summer in florida. it does run larger than it needs to be, even for a swing dress. no problem, i took in the sides several inches on each side, and it looks great. it's very easy to pick the stitches on the straps and make them adjustable.it has a nice, lightweight full lining. my new favorite dress.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it. i love the colors and pattern. i've just been on the fence whether it complements my hippy frame. i'm a size 8/10 right now. i do like it with or without the tie for different effects. one concern is that the website says hand wash and the tag on the seam says dry clean only. i usually don't buy dry clean clothes, but might make an exception for this one.	Dresses
I really, really wanted to take this home with me but decided against it. from the front this dress looks amazing when it was belted and i love the colors in it. however, it bunched like crazy in the back. i tried it without the belting and it just hung like a sack and was completely unflattering. if there were some way to get rid of the bunching in the back then i would have taken it home. but with the cost of the dress, i can't justify taking it to a tailor so it stayed. sigh. so close.	Dresses
I ordered 2 sizes to try for in store pickup. both were too large, so size down (i am 5'4", 125 lbs and the s was too large in the neck and body, even though i generally wear things large). also, the collar was a hemmed flat collar, not the roll collar depicted. i reviewed that with the salesperson as well -- we were both at a loss to explain why, and the tiger embellishments were more orange, yellow and glittery on the ones i ordered.	Knits
Everything about this dress is perfect for my body type. i used the tie belt as a cinch to gather the fabric and made the silhouette into a loose fit & flare. i have a large upper body and small lower half so maybe the excess fabric balances out my body but looks terrible on other shapes. i am 36dd 140# 5'3" and i purchased the medium petite.	Dresses
I am torn about this dress. the print is very pretty and the fabric has a gentle flow to it. the top part is great but the portion below the chest reminded me of a tent. it is tricky to pull off if you are well-endowed on the top or wear a padded bra. i liked the look better when i tied it at the back with the ultra-thin belt straps which gave some shape to the waist. i agree with the other reviewer that a slim person could carry the look well. i usually don't return online purchases unless they	Dresses
This dress had so much potential. looked cute when i received it. put it on & couldn't wait to take it off. it's shapeless, top heavy & just overall unflattering. the material could be cute....on a totally different dress. don't waste your money.	Dresses
I found this tts (ordered a m, i'm an 8) and not annoying to put on. i ended up being glad it doesn't have a zipper - when i tried it on, i thought it would look better with a v-neck, so i tried it on backwards with the hook and eye open in the front. i think it's identical back and front except for that, and it looks cuter with a slightly lower neckline, especially for a bustier person like me. i might sew down the flaps on the inside of the neck so it makes a somewhat high v-neck. with that al	Dresses
Contrary to the first review, there is a zipper so while it wasn't easy to get on, it did fit over my bust. i found this too small and high waisted, and i already have a high waist so i can imagine it looking empire waisted on a normal torso. what i hated was the ridiculous inverted pleat in the front of the dress which is almost impossible to see in the online photo. it made my already busty frame even wider and more unflattering. the lining was nice and soft and the sleeve length and hemline l	Dresses
I have purchased many of retailer's henley tees throughout the years. this one is a bit special and just so feminine i had to get it black in my local store. i love the look of the crisp, white, but it was too sheer to wear to work without a cami, and i cannot layer camis in once it gets hot.anyhow, this shirt is made in my favorite spring/summer tee shirt fabric: 100%s linen. linen gets so soft and drapey over time. the yoke is lace. the arms have a small ruching that is sewn, not buttoned up l	Knits
I saw this at a store today and am so glad i tried it on. i'm usually xs in retailer tops, but for this shirt i preferred s for a loose fit. the lace detail is elegant and very pretty.	Knits
Bought the dress online and it only has an eye and hook at the top. the waist has no stretch and their isn't a zipper. you have to be a contortionist to get it over your head and shoulders. so cute in the pic but not realistic. going back.	Dresses
Love! the detailing is so pretty! and finally!!! it's a top that's comfortably long. retailer has been making all of their tops so short lately! i'm 5'7" and a dd. i ordered a large simply because it's a cotton tee and i didn't want a fitted look, per se. my only criticism would be that the material is a little thin in the front. i just ordered it in black too!	Knits
The top is really pretty. it is sheer and needs a camisole. wish the material was a little softer. think it fits true to size.	Knits
Since the reviews are quite polarized for this dress, i thought i'd throw in my $0.02...first, to clarify, there is indeed a zipper. it's well-hidden under the l arm (i didn't think there was one based on the reviews and got it on zipped fine; once it was on, i could feel the zipper [not uncomfortably, i just realized there was one]). dress does not have a lot of give, so i imagine that zipped, it would be difficult to get off. because no give, don't order down; that said, i found this dress to	Dresses
This is a very pretty top with nice lace details. the linen makes it not quite as soft as 100% cotton but still comfortable and breathable. the fit was just right in the small petite. i tried it on in the store and was very tempted, but wound up not buying it because i have other similar tops. i would snap it up if it went on sale or if i needed a top of this type.	Knits
Shirt looks nice standing straight but did not work if i cross my arms. i felt that i could have superman'd out if that. i would have gone for a larger size of it was available, but sadly not.	Knits
Have to disagree with previous posters. i found just one of these on the sale rack in my local retailer (someone returned it from online) and it was adorable on. got many compliments in the dressing room area. other customers asked if there were more available but it's turns out it's an online exclusive. it does have a zipper. i recommend sizing up not because it runs small (i think it's pretty true to size) but i think it looks better a bit loose/drapery. fabric is soft and pretty. tailoring is f	Dresses
Tried both colors....gorgeous, but kept the white as it offers more versatility in my wardrobe. happened to have an retailer cami that follows the lines of this top exactly to help conceal how transparent it is. [the black color will also need a cami -- strong sunlight or a camera flash will be revealing.] a lovely layering piece under sweaters, vests, jackets. so pleased!	Knits
I love this top. it looks exactly as pictured and has a very flattering fit. i ordered the black and it is somewhat sheer. the material has a slight burnout effect. the black can be worn without a cami but if i wear it to work, i will need to add one.	Knits
An retailer associate gave me this to try on since i love white clothing and lace. i tried on a large for my 5'9", 36c. hourglass frame and found it to be a tad large and probably could go down a size. my thoughts are...._______________pros:- breathable and comfortable fabric due to cotton/linen blend.- lace detailing at the top is lovely.- runs tts except i found the arms ran a tad small (and i have smaller circumference). but there's enough stretch._______________cons:- extremely sheer!	Knits
Very pretty top with beautiful lace detail both front and back. love the way the material feels and it hangs very nice....actually slimming. i purchased the black & would highly recommend.	Knits
I love this t-shirt! it's a little bit dressy because of the lace but the t-shirt material is great for casual wear. i tried on the white but ended up buying the black because the white is so sheer. i'll still have to wear a layering tank with it but the black just feels less sheer for some reason. really cute and nice quality t-shirt!	Knits
Cute, basic white shirt with nice detail. i love meadow rue and this is another great shirt from them. while i love it, i wish it were just a little bit softer (i am a sucker for soft things). however, i am keeping the shirt and it will be great for work or play.	Knits
Super comfortable; great with jeans or leggings. i would definitely order a size down.	Knits
This is the softest shirt, super comfy, very baggy but i'd say true to size for the style. it is a bit thin and i'm worried how it will hold up, or would have given the full 5 stars. i'm not a usual fan of the turtle neck but this is so soft, i love it!	Knits
Love this with leggings or jeans for a casual look. quality seems ok, though i'm hoping for no shrinkage after i wash since it's the perfect length at the moment (i'm 5'7" and it just covers my butt). good sale purchase!	Knits
I love this dress. i read the reviews on it before i purchased and they were spot on. i have broad shoulders so i ordered the large. it was still plenty roomy but i wore a royal blue sweater with it and it pulled the waist in just enough to make it fit without a belt. i would buy it again!!	Dresses
This is not my usual style, but the print is gorgeous and the dress is really high quality. i'm glad i purchased. it definitely runs big- i am usually an xs or s depending on brand but i ordered an xs p. it fits pretty well and falls at the perfect length just above my knees (i'm 5'3, 110). it's a little shapeless still but that's the look. i'm still sort of wondering if i should have gotten an xxs but the xs p definitely works especially for the length. can't wait to wear this. amazing sale pri	Dresses
This shirt is so comfortable, soft, and super cute. definitely recommend!	Knits
I tried on xs in the store (returned) and it looked huge on me, i like the rushing idea, the material is super soft, but overall, couldn't justify even at sale with 40% off, as it wasn't flattering when it looks big. blue color nice in person.	Knits
The model does not look as good in this shirt as it looks in real life. it is flowy, flattering, and elegant, not to mention warm and soft. i hope it holds up!	Knits
Very flattering dress but i think the black is more of a washed out navy/black instead of a true black which made matching this with other black times (cardigan, tights,etc) difficult.	Dresses
Love the style, weight (not too hot) and look but it sheds all over any pants other than jeans. i also wore a white tank under it and it stained it blue. very disappointed	Knits
It runs a little large, i got a small and it was still a little large in the shoulders (but maybe that is just my body type). otherwise i love this dress!	Dresses
I was so excited when i purchased this top! it was going to be my go to for running around, as it looked super cute with leggings and boots! the softness alone made me feel like i was wearing my pajamas.....so comfy! that all changed after one washing......it is now pilling and not nearly as soft as before! makes me sad, but it is going back!	Knits
I wanted to love this dress so much so that i ignored earlier reviews and purchased it in two sizes to see if i could make it work. the fabric is gorgeous, but the fit was very unflattering. it's too large on top and hangs awkwardly in both sizes. i considered tailoring to make it work but with this pattern i felt like that would be a compromise. in the end i returned both sizes ast the fabric couldn't compensate for the very unflattering fit.	Dresses
The fabric is nice and could pass for silk even though it is viscose-rayon. the pattern is pretty and flattering. sadly, the fit was just off- big in the center but tight at the hips. if i size up the v-neck might be too wide. i'm disappointed that i'll have to return it. it probably would look great on a different body type. i would recommend it for apple body types but not for pear body types.	Dresses
I agree with the review that says this is better in person than in the pic online. great sale price and super cozy but thin enough to transition to spring!	Knits
I adore this dress! it's so charming. great quality, lovely fabric, beautiful color. the fit is supposed to be boxy and probably won't work on a beautiful curvy body. with a petite athletic body, i feel beautiful in it! i wear a small or xs and i definitely needed an extra small. pair it with black or camel, sandals or boots, it's lovely!	Dresses
Flattering, comfortable, and a fantastically versatile color and style. if you'd like the garment to fit about how it does on the model, i'd say that it's tts. the picture represents the color accurately - is a very dark, slate grey. i've found that the color is a great neutral - i can wear it with other neutrals or with colors, as featured on the model. the style is also really versatile - i can wear it as a stand-alone t-shirt, or under a blazer to work.i've washed the garment once on the	Knits
The previous reviewer was right on with her review, including that the shirt is a bit darker in color irl. i'm writing this review to emphasize how large this shirt runs. i'm typically a small in shirts, usually a 4 and occasionally a 6 if it's a very fitted style. i'm 5'5", 125lbs, 34b, and i went with the xs in this, and it is huge on me. i really like it though, so i'm considering reordering in an xxs, i've never worn an xxs. i'm starting to get frustrated with inconsistent sizing, especially	Knits
I saw this online and didn't think twice about it but then i came across it at my local store and it's so much better in person! it is incredibly soft and cozy! i purchased the gray stripe version and two solid color versions (cream/forrest green.) i can see this being a great staple over the fall/winter with leggings, boots and a long pendant.	Knits
Extremely well made tank top. great for work or a night out.	Knits
Love love love this turtleneck! it's soft and cozy, and i've already reached for it on several chilly days. it definitely runs large. i sized down and it still has an oversized, swingy shape.	Knits
It made me look extra thick in the middle--could pass for maternity wear. pretty colors. fabric is fine. it's just too shapeless and not flattering on me. i'm 5'11" and it was also on the short side for me. even if it fit better, probably too short for my age (40s).	Dresses
Let me start with: i love this dress --- but i'm totally confused. there is a pleat in the center of the dress, which if you look at the first photo on retailer's website, you can see that the model has the pleat in front, but when i recieved the dress, the tag is on the pleat side, meaning if you put the pleat in front, you're wearing it backwards. then other pictures show the model with no pleat in front, i tried it both ways and neither way felt wrong --- i thought it would fit funny if i flipp	Dresses
Surprisingly flattering and so very soft and comfortable. have had many compliments on this. super cute paired with skinny jeans and boots. also purchased the ausaria infinity scarf in navy which contrasts nicely with this top. and a plus--no signs of pilling yet.	Knits
This dress fits true to size. i ordered an xs like i usually wear as a small was falling off of me when i had tried on in store. the colors are more vibrant in person. it's a really pretty dress and is very well made. the fabric is solid and light weight. i don't think it would work for someone with a lot of curves unless they sized up though as it is a really straight dress that is meant to lay free.	Dresses
This dress is wonderful. fits perfect. very comfortable. wonderful colors.	Dresses
Has to be one of my favorite retailer purchases! the shirt is so soft and can be paired with so many different items. the turtle neck will help keep you warm, although the actual material is a little thin. don't let that dissuade you though. you won't be disappointed by this purchase! i'm going to get the other color too :)	Knits
I was excited about this dress because i love the colors and print. the dress has no shape though and not in a good way. it's not flowy enough for the look of a shape dress but its not fitted enough to be flattering.	Dresses
Mutliple layers of buttery softness. i bought the blue and it's true to size. it is soo soft, i could wear this to sleep. it drapes beautifully. highly recommend it. now i want to buy all the colors!	Knits
Great quality, beautiful print, definitely a steal given its current sale price. it does run large. order a size smaller. works perfect with a belt!	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous and feels so soft! looks great with booties and flats! can be paired with so much! jackets, scarfs, long necklaces! so glad i bought it! i did down size to a small from my usual medium! and got the regular instead of petite! fit great	Dresses
This tunic is lovely and versatile. looks great over a pair of jeans or as a dress!	Dresses
I never write reviews although i do most of my shopping online but i had to write one for this tunic. i got it in the blue and sized down from a small to extra small- although i ordered both to see. the smaller size fit better around the shoulders. it is a bit retro funky and elegant at the same time. great price for such a quality piece.	Dresses
Bought this for my 21 year old daughter, and she loves it. the blue color is very pretty and she says she gets lots of compliments and requests to "touch it" because the fabric is gorgeous. it's a bit boxy, and a little short to wear as a dress for her 5'9" height - she says she risks showing her undies when she raises her arms. but she likes is so much she's just keeping her arms down. :-)	Dresses
Perfect dress for the fall in texas. the velvet is on point for this season. the dress is very roomy on the bottom half...wish it was a little more fitted. but, overall a great dress, got tons of compliments!	Dresses
I sized down to an xs from my usual size small, and it fits perfectly. it is cropped but i like the swingy shape that will work well with high-waisted bottoms. i did have to get a replacement because my first top had some beading coming off when i received it in the mail, but this new one seems much more sturdy.	Knits
This top is very cute and is made out of soft material that isn't clingy at all. and you don't have to be stick thin for it to look good. i don't like to show my arms normally but this top is very flattering all around. i love it!	Knits
This top had so much potential! i bought the striped colorway in an xs, which is my normal size. i am a 32d with an athletic build so the sleeves are tighter on my arms than pictured, although they are adjustable. the top of the shirt fits perfectly, but the bottom is very wide and short. i'm only 5'2" but it's still just a tad shorter than i'd like. i wish it was slightly more fitted and then it would be perfect. unfortunately, this one is going back.	Knits
This top is absolutely beautiful. i especially love the richness of the black and burgundy one! i am typically a size medium but purchased the large because i wanted it to fit a little bigger and longer - i was going for more of a tunic-style. if you're broad-shouldered like i am, you may opt for a bigger size as well because the sleeves can look a little silly if its too small.	Knits
I love this piece! they're calling it a tunic but its plenty long enough to wear without any pants. i usually wear a small/xsmall in retailer sizes and i definitely went with the xsmall. size down to avoid the potato sack look. i think this piece is so great for fall. definitely a must buy!	Dresses
Was excited to wear the dress for the first time. but while standing in front of the mirror putting makeup on, the seam between the body and sleeve just started to unravel. strangest thing - just a random hole appeared :(.	Dresses
I saw this on a model in the house and home catalog. it looked very comfy but with an edge of elegance. i saw it in store in the navy and loved it. the other color is very washed out, not good for me being a blonde. i didn't try it on, and got a small as it looked as it ran a little large. i'm 5'4", 130 lbs. and it fit perfectly. it hits above knee, a little longer than on model. it hangs beautifully and the blue color is stunning, looks expensive. i received a few complements the first time i w	Dresses
The cut, fabric and detail on this dress is incredible. it runs a bit small though, usually i wear a 00p, but the 0p is plenty snug. 5'4'',110lbs,32c, fits just as on the model, looks much like photos, but slightly more yellow in tone.	Dresses
Cute top. agree with other reviewer that it is really nice in person. the colors are rich and the embroidery is beautiful. it is a very full swing top, but be aware that the sides are a few inches shorter than the front and back. this isn't evident in the photo shown. i usually wear a sm in retailer tops, and the small looks larger on me than how it fits on the model, in fullness and especially in the arms. it's still cute enough to keep, but i personally probably could have gone down a size.	Knits
Purchased this shirt for holiday photos and it worked great. very flattering and a fun take on plaid. more feminine than your classic plaid button down.	Knits
I was looking for a red and black plaid top with a twist, and this tee definitely fits the bill! i plan to wear this shirt with a long sleeve tee under it for extra warmth for casual holiday events, and can see it with a skirt and cardi for work. fabric is soft and comfortable. fit is loose but not too boxy.	Knits
I loved this dress and tried on the xs in the store and then ordered the petite. i thought if i ordered the petite it would not be as baggy. it is just way to boxy/baggy for someone my height and weight. however i would recommend to someone taller because the velvet is great quality and it would have been an amazing dress to have for fall and also for winter. for reference i am 5'0" and weight 113 pounds.	Dresses
I love the way this dress moves on you and the high low. a medium fit me perfectly. i am 5'8" and the long part in the back barely touches the floor in flat shoes. the colors are sort of fall, but the top is like a sun dress. i think you could wear this any time of year with the appropriate accessories. i wore it with a 3/4 length sleeved cardigan and sandals in oct. and it was perfect. the fabric feels nice, great quality. it's on sale so you have nothing to loose!	Dresses
I bought this in the blue motif and i love the colors of the plaid. the first day i wore it i received many compliments. the armholes are a bit low but i wore a cami underneath. i don't think it is that noticeable unless your arms are raised the whole time. i like my shirts to be a bit longer and this is perfect since i have a longer torso. i am normally a size 6/m/34b and the med fit perfectly.	Knits
I love fitted top dresses like this but i find them hard to fit well on my body. this one fit perfectly, straps can be let out or taken in easily, and i get tons of comments on the print!	Dresses
I wear an xxs petite and this dress was still large. i like that look so i'm okay with that but the sides do stick out a little bit if you have a smaller frame.	Dresses
I bought this shirt in every color. i look sexy and the best part is how comfortable it is. it is very versatile. i wear it at networking semi formal events/ dinners/ going out with friends, and everywhere. i feel awesome with it.	Knits
The large is perfect for me and is just my style - not too baggy but just shapely enough to where to the office with or without leggings, as the fall approaches. i bought the blue; the color is rich and saturated. the material is soft and all around comfortable, which is my number one factor in buying clothes. love its versatility too, since a jacket and scarf can dress it up. shoes also dress up or dress down the dress. all in all a bargain.	Dresses
I love this tunic! it runs slightly large. i ordered my usual size small (i am 5'4'' 125lbs) and it is a looser fit but falls nicely. i wear it as a dress, and the blue/gray color is so pretty!	Dresses
Absolutely love this little shift!!! i bought it on a whim really. it just harkened back to my crushed velvet loving days of the 80's! crushed velvet then was just something fuzzy that had been run over by a car and maybe thrown up on a few times at a punk rock bar :-) this is not that sort of velvet. it's also not some cheap polyester looking knock-off of true velvet. i always find those to have a somewhat "plastic" sheen to them. that is exactly what i was worried about judging from the pictur	Dresses
Love this dress and so does my boyfriend. took my usual size 2 and it's a little snug but the 4 would have been too big.	Dresses
I read all the reviews before purchasing this and took the advice of others on sizing up. i am 5'4" hourglass shape (32d, 27 inch waist, size 28 pant size) and normally wear a size 4p in retailer dresses. i ordered a 6p and the top was way too big on me. i went straight to an retailer store to try on a 4 regular and the top half was perfect on me. a little too long for my liking (about an inch below my knee), so i re-ordered it in a 4p. this dress ran true to size for me. i recommend trying it on in	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress! it's a great summer dress that's flirty and fun. i feel this dress runs pretty true to size except in the bust area. the buttons at the top pull a little bit on me unless i wear a bra that pushes the girls up and together. i'm a 32ddd just so you have an idea. i'm 5'10, about 145-150 lbs and i'm a 4-6. in dresses i'm usually able to get away with a 4. i have a bigger bust and bum but a super, tiny waist. i'm just barely able to get away with wearing a 4 in this dres	Dresses
This dress is very sweet and summery. i disagree with all the other reviewers who complain about their not being enough room in the chest. i wear a double d and i didn't notice any pulling, which is definitely a problem i've experienced in other button down dresses. i also appreciated that the straps were wide enough to cover a bra - though i definitely will have to have them shortened. the color is not particularly vibrant (kind of a soft yellow thoat might not be flattering on every skin tone)	Dresses
If i ever find something i can wear sans bra, i am pretty much going to buy it. just looking at this dress i wouldn't think it possible, but it is! this is a rare occurrence for me! honestly, the dress is a little tight a pulls a little bit across the chest (32d), but being able to go braless trumps that for me. hopefully it isn't too noticeable... i did find the straps to be extremely long, so i had them shortened. this dress is adorable and i've received so many compliments. it's so comfortabl	Dresses
I love this crushed velvet dress in the rich blue color . i plan to wear it with short peep toe boots and also with ankle leggings and flats. so glad velvet is in this year!	Dresses
Love everything about this dress except - it runs huge. i am busty and usually wear a 12 in dresses, but the large was completely shapeless on me. will try medium and hope it is better bc otherwise i love the dress!!	Dresses
Love the buttons because i am currently nursing my 5 month old. easy access. i'm a 32dd 5'9 147 and it fits fine in the top. got a size 4... love how it flows over my pear shaped hips. i thought it was a sunflower print but actually moths! haha very cute. wish i would have waited and got the sale price... bought my it in may for mother's day!	Dresses
I was so excited to get this dress, and it was such a disappointment! it looks so cute on the model, but it was very different when i got it. the color is a lot more yellow than i thought it would be, and the pattern just looked a bit strange--it stood out more against the yellow instead of looking neutral. the dress fit really awkwardly on the top. the straps were way too long, and the chest area was practically baggy when i put it on. i normally wear a 4p, and i ordered down to a 2p. the waist	Dresses
I look like i put a baggy bag over my head. also, the material really seemed like fake velvet to me.	Dresses
Very cute top and so comfortable! it runs big i'm between a medium and large. i ordered the large and it's definitely a little big but wearable. i probably should've swapped it for a medium but it's still really cute!	Knits
I wanted to love this dress, but sadly i will be returning. the color looked fairly different in person than on the model. i thought it was a browner/neutral hue, but the dress is almost like a yellow seersucker-ish with brownish moth printing. was cuter than expected! the sweetheart neckline is darling, but that is where it fit me poorly. i have a 34c bust, and the cups of the size 4 were gaping on me in the front and all along the arm holes. the straps were also way too long and falling off my	Dresses
The fabric is super soft and the grey is pretty, but it is light grey not dark grey as described when you select to buy it. my biggest issue with the top is that the cold shoulder arm reveals the entire arm, so if you aren't completely toned with your tricep and all over arm, it will show... which is why i bought this to hide my blunders	Knits
Very disappointed when i received this. the colors and ombre fabric are beautiful. beading and embroidery make it a even more unique top however the shape ruins all of that. first it is nearly a crop top. second, it is boxy and it's attempt to be a swing top only makes it bulky. third, need to size down 2 sizes. had to return this.	Knits
I love this top and the beading is beautiful, but just like everyone else, it was way too large. i normally wear a lg, but the large looks and feels like a 3xl. beautiful but large	Knits
This is a really beautiful dress, the pictures don't capture it well enough. was looking for a comfortable shift dress that is versatile, this fit the bill. for reference, i am 5'3" and weigh around 113 lbs, i got an xxs...and it was a bit baggy, but shift aren't supposed to be tight. also has some fun details! look forward to wearing this!	Dresses
I've been hesitant with crushed velvet comeback...but this dress is adorable! first, it is not a tent; on me it's the perfect fit for the style - not too swingy but definitely not fitted. this is the dress you can grab on a day you don't feel like sucking it in, throw a blazer over it if you need you look professional, wear to a girls brunch with booties or a night out with the hubs. the little extra detail i didn't see online that was a pleasant style surprise is the almost strap-looking piece	Dresses
I wasn't sure i would like this top, but wanted something different, than what i already own. i ordered it in an xs (my usual size) and it is slightly loose (which i knew it would be based on the cut). it looks great with jeans or shorts. i purchased the black and white striped one because it looks more interesting. the ties may drive me crazy- we'll see. i like the weight of the fabric, i just hope it doesn't pill. for reference, i am 5'3 and 123lbs. i usually wear a 2/4.	Knits
This top is a nice piece to transition into fall. it goes well with jeans, but it could also be dressed up with black pants.	Knits
I was really nervous when ordering this dress because of the other reviews, but i couldn't get to a store during the mother's day event and really wanted this little number. it arrived yesterday and i'm already so excited to wear it, especially once i get just a tiny bit of a tan. i love the fact that it is yellow and white stripes with the dragonflies on top--the pattern is so much cuter in person than it appears online. the fabric is also a good weight, and it is lined, which greatly simplifie	Dresses
Runs a little big, but cute and comfortable. also shows bra straps a bit on each side, even when i ordered a size smaller. overall, very happy with it.	Dresses
Based on reviews, i was concerned that this dress would not fit in the chest area. however, i find that i have ample room there (i am a full c). it is a tiny bit tight in the waist, but not uncomfortable or unflattering. i will go ahead and say that it runs small for that reason. the straps are a little long on me and will need to be taken up. also there is no zipper so getting it on and off requires unbuttoning the buttons, so it's not fast. overall quality is very nice and it is very prett	Dresses
Love love love this dress! i was worried the velvet would look cheap, but it absolutely does not! i bought an xxsmall and it is a little tight in the chest, but everything else fits perfectly ! i bought this in the slate color, but am seriously considering buying the lighter color as well!	Dresses
After reading many of the reviews stating the dress can have the potato sack look, i certainly had concerns. particularly since i am petite, hourglass, athletic, and approaching 50. i decided t give the blue shade a try. the lighter shade is beautiful but was afraid it would wash me out with my darker hair and olive-toned skin. let me start by saying the blue is so beautiful and rich looking. the velvet has such dimension and is no ordinary velvet material. it is also lined. when i first tried i	Dresses
Listen to all the reviews, size down! i got the dress in my usual size large thinking it would fit well size i have large hips and a booty, i was wrong!!! i could camp out in the large! it was super large!!!got the medium and its fit amazingly! its a tad bit tight in the chest(barely tight) but im a 38dd and this is not an unusual thing for. i just need to wear a thinner bra and it will be perfect! cant wait to wear it! loving the velvet trend this fall! thinking about getting the blue too!	Dresses
It is very cute. i think actual one is much better than the picture.	Knits
I'm going to be straight out... this dress is very flattering and will get you a lot of male attention. so be warned!i am a 34c and i got a size 2p. it fit's tight, but just right. i have no trouble with the buttons, at all. i am 5'4" and it comes above my knee. the material is very quality and seems as it will last a very long time. i get complimented very often when i wear it.	Dresses
This was a cute design, but didn't work for me. the fabric was slightly see-through, and too tight around the bust.	Dresses
I bought this dress as a birthday present to myself which i wore to a recent weekend vacation to dallas, texas and i absolutely love it. i love the color and the design of the dress as i think it is timeless and i will get a lot of use out of it for years to come. however, this dress is tight in the chest area and i would recommend sizing up. i am 5'10", 156 pounds, and usually wear a us size 6, but when i tried this dress on in a size 6 the dress stopped buttoning up underneath my bust. i end	Dresses
Cute and differentlooks good beltedwill try with lace leggings	Dresses
Love! color and fabric are beautiful! new fav	Dresses
I've worn this top with leggings and straight leg jeans. looks great with both. it's almost like a t shirt but not as clingy and way more style. i'm 5'3, 165 and the large fit great. it hid my leftover baby belly and still looked stylish with flats or boots. only complaintbis that the armholes are cut low, so side of my bra is visible. but overall it's well worth it!	Knits
Love the crushed velvet and tried it on in the regular sizing in blue, but really needed the petite. although i tried on the xs in the regular sizing, i was afraid i'd need my normal sp, so i ordered that instead of the xsp. should have stuck with the xsp and will be exchanging it for that size. it definitely is dress length (but dowdy dress length in the regular for me at 5'1") and the petite sizing is not all that much shorter, but enough to be cute. expecting a lot of use, especially over the	Dresses
Love this dress and the color	Dresses
I love this dress! i rarely pay full price at retailer and couldn't take the risk of loosing this waiting for a sale. i tried on two different size 4 and a 2 and they all fit the same; a little large in the bust and the straps a tad long on the 4's. i typically can go between 2 and 4 at retailer, and with this dress the 2 was a better fit, i'm 34b and i had room in the bust on the 2 and the 4 was loose in the bust. i did t have any gaping issues others commented about. i'd have given it 5 sta	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store but decided to think about it because of price. i ended up buying it later on line. i usually wear a medium (5' 7" 128 lbs wide shoulders) but got a small in this dress. it does run the risk of looking like a sack but sizing down did the trick! the easy going loosness yet elegance is why i like it. it is so comfy but looks lucious. i plan to wear it often this fall and christmas.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store and immediately grabbed it. i think that if i'd only seen it online i wouldn't have looked at it twice. in person, the fabric is so beautiful, a shining and classy velvet crinkle that could go way way dressy with the right accessories. this dress runs large, like all of floreat's items. i am 5'2" 110# and normally wear an xs or 0, but had to size down to xxs petite for the right fit (like on the model). the only drawback is dry clean only. based on the content of th	Dresses
I love the off the shoulder trend but don't like having to wear a strapless bra so this style caught my eye. it is cute and different and people compliment me on it. swingy but flattering and i got the turquoise but i like it so much i just ordered another one in the black and white stripe.	Knits
I was so excited for this dress to come. i am 5&#39;1&quot; and 100lbs so i ordered and xs petite. it was literally falling down around my shoulders and gigantic all around. maybe on someone taller this would have looked great. i was also disappointed that the blue shown online was not accurate. my dress was a much lighter blue. back to the store it goes.	Dresses
The blue color is sublime - the material velvet iridescent cool - the fit is loose and not something to wear to show off your figure but it is has a cool swingy boho vibe that was what i was expecting ... add a cool shirt jacket to elevate it and give it more structure	Dresses
This dress is very, very flattering which i was a little surprised about because i have a smaller chest! it is pretty long, coming to right around my knees and i love the buttons! i would say that the quality is not 100% there, it is very thin material but i am still very happy with it. i really wish they made this dress in other colors because i would buy them in a heartbeat! it is a perfect summer dress and i can't wait to wear it!!	Dresses
I love the color (coral/pink) and the open shoulder design of this top, but it's too blousy at the bottom (way too much fabric). i ordered a small. i am 5'4" and 120 lbs. i might try an xs if they still have them in stock. fabric is comfortable. the ties on the sleeves add a special touch.	Knits
Even though i'm currently at a 34f in the bust the size 12 works for me, although i did install 2 snaps between the top 3 buttons to keep everything in line. i'm 5'5" and my torso is often too short for regular sized clothes. the straps were too long for me, but to my delight i discovered that this particular dress is designed to unstitch and tailor the strap length with ease. with those small alterations this dress fits like it was made for me, plus the pattern and fabric are top notch. i tried	Dresses
I&#39;ve been eyeing this dress for weeks. finally i took the plunge and bought it! the velvet is gorgeous and the style is fun and playful. i know many of the reviewers said it was running large, but i had to order an xl because i nearly got stuck in the l (no stretch). im normally a size 16 and carry most of my weight in my stomach butt and hips. definitely more of a shift than a swing. however its still just lovely. looking forward to paring it with a kimono for a wedding tomorrow!	Dresses
I love the built in layers of this shirt. it looks great layered with a long sleeved shirt underneath for winter also. being a teen in the 90s, it reminds me of a little bit of grunge, but in a less brooding more classy way. if only i still had my doc martins... i find the fit to be great, slightly loose, but not baggy and the fabric feels light but not fragile.	Knits
Great little dress for a picnic. i am a 34dd and didn't have a problem buttoning the dress unlike another previous reviewer. i had purchased a size 8. my only reason for return was the price and my wallet! otherwise this well-made dress would still be in my closet! love the buttons.	Dresses
When i saw this dress online, i immediately passed on it. but i was drawn to it's faint shimmer and soft feel in the store and decided to try it on. i am usually xs - s in dresses and tried the xs (5'4, 34b, 27 waist). it fit beautifully. it comes about a couple of inches above my knee and makes me look slim from the side - which isn't typical of shift dresses. i plan on wearing it with flats now and tights and booties when the weather gets cooler. would be a great holiday or new years eve dress	Dresses
I tried the red version at store, it fit really good and i loved it. then i found the blue version online and liked even more. it can be worn for business and casual.	Knits
Bought this for the beautiful fabric and easy fit which it has. fits nicely through the shoulder area and is a little on the baggy side in the legs but the draping fabric makes up for that. i bought it in petite small and it is definitely long enough for a dress.	Dresses
I was really excited to see what this looked like in person. when i unpacked this shirt i was shocked to see what how short it looked. the colors are very close to what you see online but the shirt is super boxy. i have a smaller torso and it barely came to below my waist. you can't tell by the picture but this shirt can fit at least 2 people in the width. when i tried it on, it didn't look as boxy but still a really weird cut! it was disappointing because it looks so cute online! i will be retu	Knits
I wanted to love this dress, especially because it's been given good reviews. i ordered the blue and tried it on. the fit was pretty good and the color is pretty and deep. i did not like the seam that ran around the drop waist. it created a weird allusion that the two pockets in front was actually a continuous pouch around the dress. i also did not like the neckline - there is fabric added on the shoulders that's in a different fabric and makes it look like you're wearing a t-shirt underneath th	Dresses
A very nice fall into winter tunic. length is long enough to wear along line as a dress with tights and tall boots. i found it true to size. the color of slate blue is beautiful!	Dresses
I purchased this dress to wear to a horse race but will also be wearing it all summer long! the material is light weight and has a vintage flare to the print. the button in the center of the dress add an extra detail that keeps the dress pretty and casual.	Dresses
Really wanted to love this top but it was too boxy for me! really pretty deep wine colors and a great plaid, but overall it did not give me any shape and it was returned,	Knits
The fabric is divine. it's a thin polyester knit that just floats on your body. it's soft and drapes wonderfully. it's like wearing a nightgown. the styling is so sexy. it looks really alluring but it's actually just a plain ol' tank top with a bit of a sleeve dangling at the elbows. it's very modest really.the silly thing is, it tickles! yeah those dangling ties tickle your arms when you move. loli bought the grey in a xl and the fit is perfect. it says "dark grey" but it's really l	Knits
Awesomely different top. the first time i wore it i didn't wash it so it was big on me. it shrunk from washing so it fits better now. there is some unraveling of the frayed edges though.	Knits
Love this dress! i sized up from a 6 to an 8 because of the small bust issue and it fits perfect. perfect casual summer dress with a vintage feel.	Dresses
I thought i would take a chance even though reviews suggested tricky sizing issues. unfortunately it's true, it was very tight at the waist and bust even though i sized up to a size 8. i took it back to the store.	Dresses
Saw this at the store and it is breathtaking in person. as the previous reviewer stated, i too consider this a dress and not a tunic, and it's not really crinkled either. the dress is structured, very soft, and so gorgeous on. i tried on a regular x-small and it fit but a bit uncomfortable at the mid section. the small fit better (it's meant to be a bit loose, bohemian looking) and the hem falls right at my knees which is perfect for the office (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). i have medium o	Dresses
I just received this and absolutely love it !!! i love cold shoulder designs and this one is unique and so well made. i am usually a size small and it fit perfectly. i would say it runs true to size and will look perfect with white or black pants and a cute sandal. i am so glad i got it. love the quality .	Knits
Love this dress!! i ordered the blue for some color and it is nicer in person than in the photo. the fabric and color are beautiful. can dress this up or wear for work. i am 5', 110 lbs and 35/26/35 and got the size xs petite. it is a loose fit but not too loose. very unique dress that i can wear all fall and winter.	Dresses
Super cute retro styling and i adore the pattern however i had some fit issues that were worth noting. i tried the standard 6 on at my local store but the bodice was so tight on my 34 b chest. i was determined to get this lovely summer frock and had the sa order an 8p to be shipped to me. i'm currently taking my 8p for a spin today but only after some alterations: even through the dress was quite large in the bust, there was still the dreaded button gaping so i added 2 snaps in between some of t	Dresses
You have to give this dress a try - yes, it runs small - i'm usually a 4 in retailer dresses. / 32dd 5'5" 130lb - i couldn't button the top button with my bra on but i could without it on - it fit perfect every where else. it is very flattering in every way. it's 100% cotton, lightweight, and soft. the flare does not have too much fabric and is actually slimming unlike other fit and flare dresses. the sz 6 fit more comfortable and i could wear my bra which looked better and gave my breasts a lift	Dresses
This is very cute. i got a lot of compliments when i wore it. i'm 5'10 so i always struggle with tops being too short but this was ok	Knits
I got a m in this top and was a little scared but i absolutly love this top, i was debating on it and then caught it on the 30% off sale, my first retailer purchase and it definitely won't be my last! great quality, so comfortable, and very cute!	Knits
I usually love maeve and generally feel like everything they make was made for me. sadly, this dress is a definite exception, which could easily have been solved by changing the construction of the dress. as other reviewers stated, the dress does run small, but even if you size up, if you have any breasts at all, the dress will pull at the buttons, causing them to gape (i'm only a b cup, so not on the large side.) i'm pretty sure this is why the model has her arms crossed in the picture. i love	Dresses
This is the perfect dress to wear casual or dress up a bit - perfect for fall and super comfy!	Dresses
I love this dress. it is a fun and flirty summer dress. i think it can be dressed up or worn casually. i am a 36c, 29" waist, 40" hips. i bought a size 8 and it fits me great. as others said, it is a little snug across the chest, but i think it is supposed to be. with the proper bra it fits very comfortably! i am going to wear it for mother's day brunch!	Dresses
This piece is a winner solely b/c of the sleeves. otherwise, it's a plain, large tee. however, the sleeves are gorgeous and so unique! had they had my size left, i would have purchased in other colors (i got pink). it runs large, so size down.	Knits
I got this on sale. i sized up from my normal 10 to a 12 based on reviews. the 12 is too large for me and i'd need a 10 which is sold out. the straps are very long. i think even if i sized down, i'd have to have them altered. also, the dress i got is missing the bottom button. sending back. i'm not too sad, i ordered the pink pippa swing dress with the same order and love it.	Dresses
I have featured two pictures below. one is size s. the other is xs petite. i'm 5 feet 120 and a 34 d. i highly recommend this dress. i definitely could have gone either way. but felt sizing down would be more flattering.	Dresses
The details on this dress are lovely. the embroidery is wonderful. but the fit on this dress is just not for me. it is very baggy and shapeless. it doesn't have any curves at all so it just drapes down me and looks formless. really unflattering. sad but it's going back.	Dresses
I actually love the thickness of the cotton fabric on this top. i am tired of too thin shirts that develop holes right away. i love the color too.i am usually a medium and the medium fits well, if a little roomy.	Knits
I love this dress. it fits perfect (i'm 5,3, 108 and ordered xs)i think the off white stone color is true to the picture. i will be wearing this dress as my wedding dress for our small intimidate wedding. i can't wait.	Dresses
I just received this in the mail today and i love it! its adorable- very flattering and hides all the spots you'd want hidden. i don't find that this runs too large. i ordered my usual size large and it fits tts. it's not meant to fit snug. i ordered this in the navy color- beautiful and flattering!	Knits
Love the detail, quality of make and fabric, comfort. i've been looking for a top like this. expect that it will wash fine. it's not see through and i always wear a nude bra. got xs in white and it fits well, not too loose and billowy. i'm 5'2", 115#. highly recommend.	Knits
I'm not sure if i only received part of this dress as a mistake, but i received the chiffon shell, but there was no slip as pictured. it makes it kind of difficult to wear when the entire thing is sheer. i had high hopes, but sadly, this is being returned. the xs is out of stock now, so i can't even reorder. bummer.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress when the catalog came in the mail and jumped online immediately to order it. the dress just arrived and is not as pictured in the catalog - the picture of the model walking on the beach. in that picture it appears to have black lining or a black slip underneath when in reality there is nude lining sewn into every edge and isn't going anywhere - for a minute i thought about having it removed by a tailor but it seems the entire dress would have to be re-sewn. some of	Dresses
I loved this dress. i kept putting it on trying to figure out how to get my boobs to not fall out all over the place. this is not a dress for larger breasts. it is absolutely beautiful otherwise!	Dresses
I love this dress. i think it will be awesome to wear this summer but also a great transition piece into fall. very boho!	Dresses
This is a nice dress, but i'm glad i tried it on in the store. not for women with bigger breasts. i'm 36d and size 10 didn't fit me on top. lace part was too short to cover the whole area. other than that color is great .	Dresses
I noticed the reddish one (actually, barney-purple) in my local store and had to try it one, since i like this cut of dresses from my teenage years. the color was my main concern, but this proved perfect overall. it is low cut in the bust, but a scarf can fix it for us modest girls. there were quite a few loose threads on the lace and stiching that i had to trim off. for the reference, i am 5'4", 120 lbs, and an xs was perfect.	Dresses
This top would be great if it were longer and the neck wasn't so open. even for a boatneck, the neck was too wide. for those that don't mind showing their stomachs this top will be okay. the material is nice and stretchy and i like the stripes but just way too short for me.	Knits
I felt comfortable wearing this to a party. easy to wear and accessorize.	Knits
This sweater was pretty short. beyond that, when i raised my arms, the thickness of the sweater caused the shoulders to rise up and stay there when i put my arms down.	Knits
I really love this top, but am afraid i may need to return it, because the fabric is so delicate that little snags began to show up within hours of wearing it, and they show really badly as black spots, because the fabric is made with light and dark delicate threads. it feels so good on though! you must be super careful with it. i have no idea how the little snags even got there!	Knits
I am 5,7" 135 lbs the small fit well in the bust but no shape . it was just big and frumpy . it went back .	Knits
I love this dress! good for work or social occasions. flowy fabric, and not boxy. the length is perfect, not too short. i can't wait to wear it. picture is accurate as to color.	Dresses
If you are like me and your shoulders are broader than your hips, the boat-neck on this won't be too wide on you.----------i am normally a m or l in retailer tops, and went with the m, and i have very large biceps. if you're broad-shouldered but have smaller arms, i would recommended sizing down a size.----------i have a very long torso and didn't find this to be too short...but i love jeans with a 10" rise. if you are going to pair this with low or medium (8.5") rise jeans, then yes, you will	Knits
This dress was a 'maybe' for me online but when i tried it on i was totally won over! i got the raspberry, which is a really pretty color. i have 34dd chest and it fits nicely on me, fairly true to size and is super flattering on me- more so than most swing dresses. love it.	Dresses
Very cute adorable shape tank top but extremely huge  does not come in petite and is not even close to fitting me  extra small is like a medium  not a sky color , like the picture it is a black-and-white type of the shirt which needs a thin camisole underneath shirt is definitely white but would look great with the black or gray camisole underneath  better for taller larger sized people	Knits
Love the colors!! i'm 5'2" and the regular goes down to my ankles like a petite dress would normally. if you get petite, it would be as high as it is on the model. the material is comfortable and i can see this as a pretty versatile piece.	Dresses
I purchased the 0p online and it was so incredibly short on me it wouldn't even serve as a tunic!! it was also so tight in the bust area that i could not pull it down because there is absolutely no give in the material. the berry color was not as bright as it had appeared online but in fact was a very muddled color that seemed to make the material look even more cheap. i would need to size up considerably to have good fit without give in the bust and arms and judging by the structure of the dres	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous as displayed at store. color is vibrant, but the one i ordered looked dull and wrinkles very easily. i wore it to a ceremony and the seatbelt left me wrinkled before i arrived. the top is very wide and best to wear strapless.	Dresses
I am 5'7" and wanted a swing type of dress that wasn't too short to be too young or too long to look frumpy and this fits perfect. it's very comfortable. it has nice quality in the fabric... not all polyester like many of the swing dresses out now. it's a bit longer in the back and has a very ethereal quality without being childlike. it's pretty, the sleeves are long enough and the elastic fits well. no pinching. i can wear a full bra with it and both boots and super sexy heels look great wi	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the berry color. it is beautiful and feminine. the length fit just like in the picture. i love all the detail and ease of this dress. i'm 5'2" 34d and purchased a size 2. it fits true to size.	Dresses
This is a gorgeous dress with a great, boho styling! the color in person is exactly as it's shown. it is wearable all throughout the year - easily paired with boots or sandals. while the fit is true to size, i found the lace detailing has no stretch to it so the bodice is a little tight. i love this dress and can't wait to wear it.	Dresses
A perfect summer dress! beautiful print and is extremely flattering for a curvy frame! i have worn this dress twice and have received at least 2 compliments each time! only note... wearing a bra with this dress isn't really a possibility due to the back detail. its pasties or if you're okay being "free flowing" & your chest isn't too large.. you can get away with it! ;)	Dresses
This dress was too cute to pass up! i loved it online but when i got it home, it was so tight i couldn't zip up my normal size. the length was perfect on me being 5'7". the fabric and detail was beautiful. if you have a bust, order a size up. beautiful dress just really snug up top.	Dresses
This is one of those "why we shop at retailer dresses."this dress arrived today - via lasership - in an actual box! both deliveries from this service far surpass fedex, ups and certainly usps which crams an expensive item in an unprotected plastic bag into the mailbox!!! okay - off my soapbox and thanks for the free shipping weekend!raspberry is quite beautiful - truly as pictured. the lacework should be more resilient than many. the shape is reigned in by the bodice (not elastic btw) and the	Dresses
Love this top, looks really cute with a pair of high waist jeans. it is a nice thick cotton fabric that does not stretch out after wearing. it is short, so for me the high waist pants were a must, but if you don't mind showing your belly, then it would be cute with anything, the boat neck collar is not so wide that it shows your bra straps as with some. overall it was a good fit.	Knits
This top is really cute- the plum is a lovely color and the top fits true to size. love the back detailing. and it is really good t-shirt quality.	Knits
Maternity like, and although the back is really cool, there is too much material in the front and it is almost like thin ribbed long underwear/pajama. returned.	Knits
This is a lovely dress, but much more casual than i thought from the picture. the material is very thin and casual. i needed a dressier dress, and i didn't need another casual dress, so i sent it back, but it would be fine if you want something casual.	Dresses
I bought this dress on clearance and think it will be cute next summer, on a super-hot day with ballet flats. i have no idea what it's doing in the fall collection. am looking forward to wearing it 10 months from now!!	Dresses
This dress had my attention immediately online, but in person it was even prettier. i would not say the colors are very "pink" as the color selection indicates, rather browns (with possible pink undertones) and yellows, and even a splash of dark green in the print here and there. there isn't a ton of give or stretch to the fabric so a larger chest may need to size up. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame and the size 4 fit just right (though i don't have a ton of extra room in the chest	Dresses
I am very happy with this shirt. i don't like skin tight clothes. i bought this top a bit loose but it does not look like i am wearing a sack. it is tunic length on me so i have worn it with jeans and boots. i love the way it flows while i walk. very flattering on. would definitely recommend!	Knits
I bought this for our daughter. i tried it on when it arrived and the material is fabulous and feels soooo good against the skin. the purple is a stunning color - very subdued and classy. if she does not like it on christmas after gifts are opened, guess who is going to keep it for herself! if she loves it as much as i think she will, then i'll just have to get one for myself. the pleats in the back are very flattering. best of all is the fabric. it is luxurious. thank you retailer for yet another	Knits
Very pleased with this top. i got the blue and white first and now i'm getting the red and white. the material is comfy and not sheer, and the slits at the side and the zipper in back add extra style.	Knits
This would be a great dress if it was sized correctly. i ordered my usual xs and was shocked at how large it was. sadly the gray/black color is no longer available in xxs (a size i would never typically order) and is not available in petite sizes. i liked the design, the fabric, and the color. if you are lucky enough to be larger than a size xs, i recommend ordering one size smaller than your usual.for reference, i'm 5'3", 111 lbs, 28dddd/30ddd, and usual wear a size 0 in dresses and pants (i	Dresses
I love this comfy top, and if it couldn't get any better, the pleated back makes it extra special! it is easy to thrown on and still feel put together. i purchased this top in the green and i'm absolutely enthralled by the rich color! i do agree that the quality of the pleats could be slightly better, however i believe it's up to par with the price point. i typically wear an xs/xsp and ultimately decided to go with a small for a more oversized tunic top look, but otherwise i'd go for your normal	Knits
I love this top! i think the knit rib quality is quite lovely and the color is gorgeous. i bought the plum color and got many compliments while wearing it. i like that it's a little on the longer side. i wore it with my pull-on ponte pants and booties. very cute!!	Knits
If you're a curvy girl like me this shirt is very flattering. hangs nicely in the front, not too clingy. also has that accordian back which is very nice because it hides my back fat. the plum is gorgeous! was king it for the first time so can't yet comment on how it holds up with washing or whether the back retains its accordian loom with the hang to dry recommendation.	Knits
This dress is beautifully made, but it does not flair slightly as in the photo, it stick out like a tent. it might be a good maternity dress. the fabric is somewhat stiff andheavy with a slight texture.	Dresses
This shirt is thin and shapeless. the quality is h&m esque. unflattering. not a fan	Knits
I really liked the style of this top but it's way oversized! i'm petite and drowned in this top even though i got it in an xs. the material is nice but i can't see i had a feeling for the cut because it runs so big. this one is going back to the store!	Knits
I was extremely disappointed when this arrived. it's nothing like the red color shown, rather it's a very dull reddish color. as other reviews have suggested, it is very thin and runs large. i have to return.	Dresses
Love it - material is soft and color goes will with any color.	Knits
I couldn't be happier with this top. it is very flattering and not at all shapeless as suggested by another reviewer...least not on me. yes the materiel is somewhat thin but it is advertised to be a tee shirt type material. that is why it feels so comfortable on with nice stretch and softness . i love the pleated back giving it neat detail and a added feminine touch. i ordered the dark purple color and it looks just like in the photo.thanks retailer!!!!	Knits
This blouse fits true to size. i carry alot of weight in my mid section and this blouse easily covers and hides my mid section where i'm not having to tug or pull down. i have this blouse in the olive green in xl and it fits perfect. i wore this on christmas with my family.	Knits
This color is really cool because it can go with black, grey, or tan shoes. the back pleats are unique and do not add bulk. the back is also lined, so you don't need a tank. fits tts and i thought it was fairly flattering. on sale, this is a great deal.	Knits
Love this dress? very flattering fit, though it runs big. i usually wear a s/m and got an xs in this dress. the only concern is the fabric is thin, but love it nonetheless.	Dresses
A comfortable shirt that has a touch of dressy to it.	Knits
I like this top, but it does not fit me correctly. i am 5'1", and have a larger bust, 34 c. this shirt fits in the length, but is tight in the bust. i would have to buy this in a medium. i normally wear an xs or s. the quality is better than most t shirts, and i ordered the red. the red is a deep and striking color, and one of the better reds i've seen this season. the biggest problem i had was the cut of the shirt. the top cuts in and doesn't provide coverage, my bras are not covered by this to	Knits
This dress is very versatile - it will be cool and comfortable in the summer, but one could also wear it with leggings or skinny jeans in the winter with a sweater or jacket. it can be worn casually with a belt, or dressed up with a statement necklace and earrings for a night out. the black color is more like a charcoal grey, which suits me fine. grab it while you can - it's a good deal for the current sale on sale price!	Dresses
This t shirt is huge. i am 5' tall, size xs and i am swimming in this xs. i'm trying a size down. it is meant to be oversized but this is extreme.	Knits
I looked at this top online & thought abt wearing w/ shorts (later) & saw that it's cotton which i love. decided to order my usual size small in the black & the moss. arrived yesterday... happened to have on a pair of leggings & tried on the tops. wow, really cute w/ leggings... looks like i can wear w/ skinnys, shorts, or leggings so i'm happy w/ that. may even go w/ a skirt or slacks.the cap sleeves are cute & the top flares some but not over-whelming or maternity-like. plenty of room on my s	Knits
I ordered a medium in this and it definitely fits more like a large. i liked the color & the sleeves, but tying the tie at the neck looks silly on me and leaving it open shows too much cleavage. overall, it is just shapeless and too much fabric on me. i'm sending this one back.	Knits
I tried this dress on in the store. i loved the fabric and color, but the fit was huge, no matter how much i sized down. there are full dresses and tunics that are supposed to be loose, but this was shapeless in an unflattering way. i was attracted to the style and color, but the execution left much to be desired.	Dresses
I ordered the dress on-line. this dress looked pretty, the material was soft and comfortable, the length was perfect, but the zipper was totally out of place. it bulged out in a weird way which made it look like the dress was torn. i had to return the dress. i normally don't see a problem at this level in retailer clothes.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful--lovely colors and design--but it's huuuge. i'm usually a s/m in tops and dresses, but i got an xs after trying it on in the store. i'm busty and have hips and still have a bit of room. the length is good--a little above the knee but still work appropriate. with my curves it's not my most flattering dress since it pretty much falls straight down, but i think it's too pretty not to keep.	Dresses
My preference is clothing made of natural fibers, but i couldn't resist trying this on once i felt it! the cut-out pattern in the fabric, the color, the buttons & the design of the back all add to make a dress i'm going to wear with leather flip-flops during the day or wedges & a denim jacket at night. it's perfect for southern california fall (& likely much of winter this year) weather. i'm a 32d (& won't need/wear a bra) & although i usually wear a 6, i bought a 4. maeve, i like your style!	Dresses
Very cute, great fit and super comfortable. perfect for fall with tall boots	Dresses
This is a simple design, but feminine and dressy enough for a summer wedding. this dress is great for hourglass shapes, but it does not hide your features.	Dresses
I got this cute tunic in-store in the coral color during a 25% off sale items promotion. it's a fun, quirky piece with mixed fabrics, and can be worn alone with leggings or layered with a jacket, skinny jeans and boots. a versatile piece, it does have a few issues. i found he armhole to be slightly large on my petite frame, even in the xs; not a deal-breaker, but a bit of a pet peeve for me. i'll probably end up wearing cami under it most of the time, since the top knit portion is a somewhat loo	Knits
I almost didn't try this dress. i walked by it a few times and am so glad i gave it a try! the fit is amazing. so flattering. the color and material for fall is perfect. it looks great with booties and heels.	Dresses
Beautiful dress. flowing but not too much volume, not too short but not dowdy, gorgeous deep jade color with chartreuse accents, flattering waist (not sure why the model is covering that part up, but it's a nice waist with a tie belt). i think it looks really smashing in person. not too formal, perfect for a daytime event like a bridal shower.	Dresses
I saw this dress online and purchased to see how it felt on. i love the material and its quality. it did run a little big, i usually wear a medium in most retailer clothing, but sized down per other reviews. the dress is beautiful and look forward to wearing through fall and winter but just wish it tapered a little more from the waist down.	Dresses
5ft 6inches135lbsshort waisted, small bust (30dd) the color is more watermelon pink than that slightly orangey tone that's shown on the website. i ordered a six petite because i wanted it to be kneelength. the four petite also fit, but was a little constricted in the bust. the dress is weightless--100% silk! i agree with the other reviewer about the bust of this dress --it's probably not great for large chests because of the ruffles	Dresses
Tried this on yesterday in the fitting room and i really wanted to get it but two problems - 1. not made for c cup bra women or larger and 2. the ruffles come right out of the nipple line area of the chest, so when you see yourself at a profile view, there's these ruffles that look like they're coming out of your chest. just sayin'. not for me.	Dresses
Perfect for work or a night out. packing for europe, wore it out on a saturday night with leggings and heels. layer it after yoga got it in all colors love	Knits
So this is available in the store in a reddish coral color, see the #your retailer pictures and you'll see someone wearing it under the gray blazer. anyway, i tried it on and the fit was very flattering for a tunic. the front of the sweater hit me just at the waist and the front draped nicely. somehow the back was slightly hugging my back side but not tight or restricted. i ended up ordering the black and navy online because the fit was fantastic and will go with so many things. nothing shee	Knits
This is the most comfortable, sweet, beautiful, romantic and timeless dress. i bought the green motif one is sz 14 and it fits perfectly. i am smaller chested (usually a 12/medium/large up top depending on the item) and a sz 14/xl/33 for pants so perhaps this dress runs one size small? the color in the detail shot is most accurate - it's bright & cheerful and dreamy.	Dresses
This is a great fall boho dress. you can dress up or down depending on the shoes. looks great with boots! but definitely size down!!	Dresses
I just bought this and tried it on on a whim and am so happy i did! it's so much more flattering on than this photo depicts. i think it'll be one of my summer staples this year! give it a try!	Knits
This sweater is the best sweater to throw on over a buttoned blouse, t-shirts, long sleeves, tanks. i always get comments on how comfortable and adorable this sweater is. a worthwhile buy.	Knits
If you know one.september and you know what's good for you, then size the heck down. maybe even two sizes if your particularly slim or want the dress to fit tighter. any way, this dress is simply scrumptious! the embroidery at the bodice is so detailed and pretty. the layers are light and soft like silk (but it's rayon/poly) and the sleeves are sheer and voluminous. i actually prefer the sleeves rolled up because they are too long. neckline features a slit-v with two hooks to close if wanted. co	Dresses
This is one of my new favorite dresses!! i ordered this in pink, and think it looks even more gorgeous in person that it does on the model. it's more of a reddish color. the dress hugs my body in a flattering way. i'm a 34b and the dress fits very comfortably, but it might be a tight fit for someone with a larger bust. i'm usually a small for retailer dresses and the small fit like a glove. it is wonderfully flowy and extremely elegant. i can't wait to wear this out!!	Dresses
This dress can be flattering on any figure type - but especially for women who need a little curve. i always wear a 6 in hd, and this fits nice and snug around the middle with a becoming flirty skirt that is lower in the back than front. flat chested women will have to fill it out with a padded bra. it may not be a great cut for a short person, as it has a long line to it and lots of busy-ness. only drawback, which depends on your taste, is the yellow pattern - it's a weird kind of greeny yellow	Dresses
This tunic is comfortable and casual. it is as pictured and flattering. the two materials make it flattering. i ordered the white, and it is see through. it really does need a camisole, which i found a little distracting given the fact that it is already layered. i which i had ordered another color, because it is cute.	Knits
Tried on a size 2 regular and it fit well, felt incredibly soft and airy, and is handwashable. i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37 or 38, with narrow shoulders and torso, somewhat long-waisted but petite from bust to shoulders. i often wear a size 0p or 0 in retailer dresses and tops. the arm holes were a tiny bit low, but not terrible. a petite would have been shorter, but also more of an empire waist. the pink really is more of a red like the online photo; great color.	Dresses
I really wanted to like this dress. the material, design, length and fit all over was perfect, except for the armholes- too big and the ruffles came right upto the nipple line. not comfortable with that. sadly, had to return.	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store and it fit pretty much perfectly in all the right areas except that the top of the zipper puckered away from my body and didn't lay flat. it just kept poking my arm. i tried it in a smaller size to see if that was the issue, but i encountered the same issue. too bad, as it was otherwise lovely and felt very comfortable.i tried the green color. i think in person, it's slightly more rich green, less blue/aqua than the photos online.	Dresses
I love anna sui's lines makeup to everything. this dress is beautiful in a very usual sort of way and after trying it on, i couldn't see anything spectacular that made it unique or special somehow. the elastic waist does make this dress forgiving and it runs big. the hem is lovely scalloped. each detail is very nice in and of itself but when put together in this dress, there is no wow that justifies the full price tag. now that it's on sale i'll keep it probably for summer.	Dresses
I love the fabric and design of this dress. you will definitely get noticed. and it's comfortable - just slip it on and go!	Dresses
But i have no idea where i would wear this dress... i tried on the size 2 in store, someone had returned it, but i always loved the cut and color of this dress (been in my wish list) so i tried it on anyway. it is so lovely, the cut is super flattering, the bow on the chest is beautiful, and the colors are much nicer in person, pinker. the feel is a bit satin0like, soft. i would need the 0 as it was a bit wide on the chest, but not a petite - surprisingly (usually do need petite in dresses).if	Dresses
I bought this dress because it was cute, swinging and lightweight -- seemingly perfect for this hot nyc summer. after on wash and dry, the dress is already ripped around two buttons. i'll still wear it but i don't think it'll last until next summer. kind of pitiful since it wasn't a cheap-o dress. also it is big but that seemed to be sort of the point.	Dresses
The silk sequin-adorned fabric of this dress is just gorgeous and i love the mix of colors and patterns. the shape is very plain, though. this can work to make the dress less formal, so that you could wear the beautiful fabric to a more casual event. but i'm not sure it's the most flattering style. i am between sizes and i sized up but am wondering if i should have gotten the smaller size - maybe that would made for a more flattering fit. i was also a bit disappointed that the prettiest parts of	Dresses
I seriously wanted to cry when this dress didn't fit me. i knew ordering it that it was a long shot. i'm a 36d and strapless rarely works. this was no different. the dress ran true to size and it is precious!	Dresses
Love the versatility of this dress. looks better in person!	Dresses
This is a wonderful style.	Dresses
The dress does run large. i'm 5'4 and 135 and the xs fit great. it's a very comfortable summer dress. have had many compliments on it.	Dresses
Dress runs very large. quality is great and the pockets are a great addition.	Dresses
It's a bit baggy (i'm normally a 6/8 medium but went with the small here). i debated for a while but finally went for it on sale and i'm so glad. the colors are just gorgeous in person. delicate stitching on the shoulders adds a feminine touch. great with my jean jacket which gathers up the extra material just right. looks great with summer sandals and booties for fall. i love love love this dress!	Dresses
In person the colors are prettier and it's more interesting than the front shot in the model. i tried on and bought my regular medium. got home and tried it on and realized it's too big:(	Dresses
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality, cut, and softness of this dress. it can be dressed up or down, with or without leggings/tights, and is cute with boots or flats. my only complaint is that the sleeves are not near as long as what is shown in the photo. i'd say more like 3/4 sleeves. thankfully there is elastic at the cuffs, so the sleeves can be pushed up, and the the material can slightly drape over the elastic.	Dresses
Dress is lovely - the sleeves were shorter than i thought but otherwise nice fabric and very pretty cut!!	Dresses
I found it very thin and much more sheer than i expected. not sure i could get away with wearing it without a slip.sadly i'll be returning it. also, runs a bit large. would have returned it for an xs if i loved it.	Dresses
I loved this top when i saw it online. i was able to go in the store and try it on and sadly, it is not the top for me. if you have a large chest, then this top will gather at your cleavage and give an awful appearance. the fabric falls in and even the sales associate agreed that it was unsightly. if i were an a or b, this probably would have worked. i should have known to stay away from a pleated top.	Knits
I was expecting a tee shirt, but the material is more of light sweater knit. in the end it wasn't the fabric that was the deal breaker...it was the fit. in my regular size it is too wide and boxy through the body. i also felt like the arms are too big as well. it's going back and i am not going to bother ordering it in a smaller size. it's a shame because the embroidery really is lovely.	Knits
The red detail at the shoulders is pretty, and i liked the contrast between the red and white. the fabric is soft and comfortable. it is a sweater knit fabric, more substantial than you might guess from photos. the sleeve ruffles were a little poofy for me, and combined with the loose fit it made me feel a little too girl-ish. this could work for you if you are looking for a peasant style blouse with a forgiving shape and nice details, but it wasn't quite right for me.	Knits
If you like loose flowing tops, embroidery, and fluttery sleeves, you'll adore this top! i went a size down and it's a perfect fit.	Knits
This top is beautiful and unique, but also i predict it will be high maintenance with the sleeves -- definitely have to be careful with the delicate sleeves.	Knits
I was happy to see this top come back after being sold out. the cream is a pretty color....not too warm toned. the cut is true to size, although very fitted in the arm hole area. the sleeves rather fitted. the fabric of the sleeves is fairly fragile but should be doable if not overly worn. the chest fitted with an aline cut. rather loser in the back. it is also somewhat see through, although not as bad as some i have tried. overall it's a really great top, but would need to be worn with care. gr	Knits
I love, love, love byron lars dresses. they fit my curves like a glove. but this one... i guess it would have fit me like a glove. but i live alone, and at the moment i don't have enough money to hire a lady's maid, and so i couldn't actually tell. it buttons all the way up the back, so you cannot put it on yourself, unless you are a contortionist. wanted to love this but can't.	Dresses
I bought about 20 dresses online in an attempt to find a few dresses for derby week in kentucky. this was one of the 2 that made the cut. i'm usually a 6, and i bought a 6. it fit like it was tailor made for me. i questioned if it was too tight at first, but decided it was just right and felt great in it for a full day at the track. it was comfy. it almost felt like it had built in spanx. i didn't have to wear a bra and it gave me great lift, almost like a bustier. i got so many compliments, mu	Dresses
If you have a love for vintage, romantic, feminine attire, this is the dress for you. it evokes memory of days gone by. it isn't just beautiful, the quality is superb. make sure you check the measurements for this little beauty has so stretch to it.	Dresses
I absoluty love this dress! it hugs in all the right places, giving a sexy yet very classy look, very much a "mad men" look. the quality is fantastic and could easily pass for a vintage dress that has been kept safely preserved. i would recomend every lady has one of these in her closet, especially when you need to feel just a little bit prettier!	Dresses
I ordered the mauve in size xl and it fits true to size. it matched the photos online. all of the details are prettier in person. it's delicate. but, it's washed/dried well. very pretty shade of mauve.	Knits
This sweater is huge! i usually wear a small, ordered an extra small and i was still swimming in it. i like big sweaters, but i ended up returning it because the sizing looked ridiculous.	Knits
I love to shop at retailer for tops that i can wear everyday. they always seem to have pieces that are comfortable, casual, and quite different from what you would find in most stores. this top is exactly that! it fits true to size and is washable. all you need are jeans, boots and a neutral necklace and you are good to go. you can't go wrong if you purchase this top!	Knits
It is delicate and soft. the sleeves fit great on my 5'10", 130lb frame, but the shoulders on the size small were too tight so i am exchanging it for a medium. the lining is unusual -- the front is fully lined but the back is only lined to the shoulder blades which is somewhat noticeable on the model. i would choose to wear a cami underneath for extra coverage.	Knits
I like that you can dress this shirt up or down. go out, or lounge in it! very comfortable and i would recommend buying it.	Knits
I was looking forward to trying this on after seeing it in the catalog. i wear an xs or small in retailer tops and tried this on in an xs. it was huge. reminded me of a maternity top. it was much more flowy on me than it looks on the model. the material was nice, thin but not see through. the macrame detailing seemed well made. i'd recommend this if you're looking for a flowy top but definitely size down.	Knits
I just bought this today so i can't say whether or not it will wear well but i think it will. i love it bc it's different and super comfy but also stylish. i know that when i wear this other people won't have it on. i think it looks better in person than on this model in picture.	Knits
I agree with everything the other reviewer stated. this top is very billowy and runs large, it would be nice if i didn't have a chest! the other issue with this top is the macrame detailing is made more out of a satin like material and i wanted it to look closer to natural raw fiber. the pink is slightly more pink in person but it's not that far off. had to return.	Knits
The collar on this sweater is too stiff for my taste. the color and fabric is really nice. just wish the collar was different.	Knits
So bummed... i ordered this in the raspberry color then actually saw it in a store before it arrived to my house, so i tried it on. while i agree with the other reviews, it runs big in some areas, something about the neckline just wasn't right on me. it seemed to ride up higher and wasn't what i wanted. also, the "raspberry" color is almost more of a burnt orange. when i think of raspberry, i think of pink or red, this was neither of those. the top itself is cute though and super comfy. if it we	Knits
I purchased this dress to wear to a wedding in june. i am 5'4", 32d and 120lbs. i bought the size 2 and it fit like a glove, didn't even have to wear a bra. the quality is beautiful. the fabric, stitching and detail are top notch and well worth the price. the way the seaming hits you on the hips and but is very flattering, especially for girls who may not be that curvy. it accentuates your curves for sure. it reminds me of an old hollywood, wiggle dress. with that being said the dress does h	Dresses
Gorgeous and well constructed dress. runs a little small. couldn't button up the size 8 although i can fit into a size 6 of other dresses by this designer. also the back buttons are very difficult to button, especially by yourself. i had to return it but am contemplating ordering it in a size 10.	Dresses
Billowy top - perfect for casual comfort. the topic is definitely not raspberry-- it is a sunset orange. disappointed as i was going for a match. i should have gone off of the picture and not the color name.	Knits
I'm glad the previous reviews had mentioned the dolman sleeves so i was better prepared for how it would fit. you do have to do some rearranging of the fabric, but it generally stays put and isn't bothersome. the neckline is a bit more structured than shown in the pictures, but it only adds to a more sophisticated look. great fabric and color as well.	Knits
This dress is beautiful and extremely well made... if you can get into it. the only way to close the dress is a line of difficult to button buttons up the back. it's form fitting, so you'd better be on your yoga a game or have a loved one or hand maiden to lend a hand. i thought about taking it to a tailor to install a hidden side zipper, but it's soooo form fitting i'm afraid i wouldn't wear it.	Dresses
Too much fabric, not a flattering top. for reference i am wearing a medium in the photos and my measurements are 38-30-40.	Knits
Fits true to size, soft material and unique look. the sleeves and overall cut of this shirt are flattering. i was worried it might look boxy or baggy but it didn't at all. the dark gray is a gorgeous color and can be dressed up or down. definitely going to be a staple in my closet.	Knits
Beautiful sweatshirt top that can be worn to work.	Knits
This dress is truly a work of art, and i've received many compliments on it. be warned, though, that it may require extensive tailoring to fit you. i'm 37-28-40 (so pretty darn hourglass shaped) and 5 feet 3 inches. i ordered the 8p. the dress was still huge in the the waist and not flattering at all. the neckline, also, was too low for my comfort. (if you're busty, necklines get pushed out and more things show.) my tailor was able to bring the neckline up by adding seams in the sleeves and	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. the fabric is thick and layered with well designed lines. since the fabric is thick, it gives very little around your body. i have wide hips, a big butt and bust so this dress unfortunately was not a good fit for me. i usually fit in a 6 petite and for this one i got an 8. it fit around my bust and hips, but was bunched up in the back. i would definitely at least give this dress a try because it was very beautiful.	Dresses
Size down on this top. bought it online and when i took out of the packagei quickly put it back in. you could have put 4 of me in the xs. i think even an xxs would be huge. extremely boxy!! i recommend it only if you can find the correct size.	Knits
I had to review this because i purchased before any reviews were up and now that i've received this dress i'm appalled by all the positive reviews!!! this dress is hideous in person. seriously hideous. and even if you can get past the drapery fabric, it's incredibly restricting. the picture online is so misleading. the dress isn't even an ivory it's more of a pea green! so disappointed.	Dresses
So this top is adorable light and airy and i like the loose fit, i think it will nice and cool for summer. the red is very flattering color, i have fairer skin and feel like it gave nice color without being overbearing. love this top. my only complaint is that i feel like the the arm hole is a bit snug. not enough to not keep, just wish there was a little more room.	Knits
I like this top and agree that it does run large. i find the fabric to be somewhat heavy which i consider a good thing as it will hang nicely and do a good job of hiding *imperfections*. it does have a pleat in the back which is not so apparent in the photo here. i love the neckline... a slight bit of a *v* neck.	Knits
Love love this sweater/shirt. i have worn it out to dinner and work with leggings. it is soft and comfy. the pleats in the back are beautiful and do not require constant ironing. i even bought it in the pink.	Knits
As you can see, there is an array of differing opinions on here, and i share sentiments on both:_______pros:- the texture and feel of this is great; it is very comfortable and is different.- tts for the most part; i normally can wear sizes 10 and 12 (m and l) with most retailer and got the medium and the fit was overall fine but more snug at the hips. if you're more slim/straight, it'll probably fit you like on the model. - good length, not too short or too long.- the mock collar is ni	Knits
This is a super cute tank, received compliments when i wore it to work.	Knits
I took a chance and ordered this top on sale, even after reading the troublesome reviews. this updated take on the turtleneck is a keeper for me. the purple color is vibrant and the collar lays without repeated fussing. i ordered the xs (116, 5'4" for reference) and the fit was tts and close to, but not snug on my torso. there is room for a button down blouse underneath (as styled in a gallery pic) and i did not find the sleeves to be problematic, as it fit me close enough to the body to not giv	Knits
I thought it was going to be so pretty. it is ugly on. the macrame is thick, stiff and rough. the top fits awkward on top where the macrame is and the rest is shapeless. yuk!	Knits
I new i had to have this dress the moment i saw it. i am a recent convert to byron lars and have three dress of his design. they are all 6 or 6p so i felt confident ordering a 6. whoops! this dress fit perfectly up to the waist. it was even a little roomy but i couldn't button it up any further than that. it is a little weird since i always thought i had a narrow ribcage. anyway, i will have to exchange it for an 8p. and hope for the best. it really is an exquisitely beautiful dress and unbeliev	Dresses
I took this into the dressing room for fun and wow so glad i did! i got the regular m and it fits perfectly. it is very slightly roomy but i think thats the design and it still looks great. as a petite, the regular m fit perfectly - heals or no heals. its comfy and lovely!!!!!	Dresses
It's a light material so it flows. the shine is just enough to dress up when i need. i'm a 12 and usually buy xl of any t-shirt looking style, but the large fit perfectly. i am however not large breasted.	Knits
This tank/blouse is flowy and i love the design. it was immediately comfortable and seemed true to size. i wore it to a family event with a sweater, black leggings and boots. i'm 5'5," 36d and usually wear medium in retailer tops and this fit beautifully from the get go, just love it!	Knits
I bought both colors thinking i might like one since i wasn't totally sold on colors looking online. well the cut is sooo flattering that i was sold and had to keep both. this shirts are great.	Knits
I am currently searching for the perfect pair of white boots to go with this. this is so fun. i used to wear a lot of vintage clothes and this dress lit the fire again to start looking for cool pieces. i tried on my usual size and found that it fit pretty tts. it was a bit roomy in the hips, but considering the cut of the dress, i assume that to be intentional. for reference, i am 5'9", 150 lbs, 36d and bought a size 8.	Dresses
This dress is adorable. i wore it one time and got so many compliments!it's very light and comfortable. it fits like a shift should - a bit loose. i love it. wish it came in more colors!	Dresses
This shirt was great for one wear. after just one wash (followed instructions to dry clean) it lost all shape and now hangs like a bed sheet. terrible waste of money on a pricey top.	Knits
This tee is s bit on the pricey side but well with it. soft fabric, and unique mix beautiful colors (i got the grey, blush, and gold) that will offer a lot of options on terms of what it can be worn with. i love splendid and this tee is why i do!	Knits
I took a chance on this one with free shipping and figured i had nothing to lose. i love it! the bottom hem is slightly flared, but does not look like a maternity tee. i'm going to wear this with a fun scarf, skinnies and colorful flats! this tee is a must!	Knits
So i ordered a 0 and p0. when i received them i could tell right away that i'd prefer the 0 and it looked to be the perfect size. then i tried to slip it on over my shoulders...it was tight. it was the right size but it was so hard to get on over my shoulders and then to take it off i needed my husband's help. it fit great otherwise. i loved the feel of the fabric...the design of the bodice. going up a size would not help me as then it would be too large in the bust area...i'm a 32b but i do hav	Dresses
Love this top! super comfortable, great fit, and really pretty colors. probably going to buy it in multiple colors it fits so great.	Knits
Not just another striped tee. perfect drape & lightly fitted at the bottom sides so it skims the body & is super flattering. the subtle shimmer is just right. love the gray! very versatile & irresistible. i'm a size 4/small & this is tts.	Knits
I'm glad i discovered this super easy to wear, flattering summer dress on a recent store visit. if i had only seen it online, i'm not sure i would have ordered it. i prefer it styled with flat sandals for an effortless boho look. i'm 5'5, slim and small chested and xs fit perfectly.	Dresses
Looks great on. fits beautifully,	Dresses
I liked the design and the shirt did fit well enough, but the thin fabric does not justify the price. it looks like it will get holes in it after a wash or two.	Knits
This is really my favorite top! i wear it all the time, like every day. it's so soft, a beautiful rich color (blue), has nice detailing, and so flattering on a hot momma like me who still has a little tummy from my three lovely children. snuck it in to my dressy office on a friday as well - with a conservative skirt and high heels. only downside is the lack of other nice colors. the stripe isn't cutting it. got my regular xs and it fits perfectly.	Knits
Disappointed this didn't fit better. the pockets stuck out on the sides, and it was baggy through the middle. you could also see the pockets through the outer layer of the dress. the color is more like a chartreuse than the picture. it's really pretty!	Dresses
I saw this dress and loved everything about it! i was so sad when i tried it on and it was just too big. they were out of the smaller size, so i had to return it. the dress is well made and the color is just a bit neon compared to the picture.	Dresses
I was so bummed to see how quickly this top sold out online in the black. however, to my delight, i happened to stumble upon the shirt in my size in my local store recently. knowing it was sold out online, i immediately grabbed it to try on. big mistake: i instantly fell in love. i'm a curvy woman (34d chest, wide hips, small waist and a slight tummy) and this shirt fits beautifully in my usual size (which is a medium in deletta). hugs my figure without making me look big. i work in an office wh	Knits
I ordered this top (black) in both small and medium; i can get usually away with small at retailer but am size medium in all other stores. as soon as i received the package and opened it up, i knew i would keep this top. it has a gorgeous texture to it, a slight sheen, and is well made. it's extremely comfortable as a t-shirt would be, but has more structure and looks very chic. the waist nips in just enough to give the flutter hem a little flare at the hips and is very feminine. i have a long tor	Knits
I ordered this in a size 4 and it is great quality. the only problem is the size of the slip. the top is very tight across my average chest, but fine elsewhere - odd fit. the dress fits great and i debated finding another slip, but ultimately decided to return it.	Dresses
I loved the shirt. the fabric was amazing and i loved the way it fit, unfortunately it didn't look good on me. but i would recommend this shirt to anyone who can pull it off the look, i was sad i couldn't.	Knits
Love this ripple-front top. fabric is beautiful, love the lining and the fit is perfect. looks great with pants and skirts. i also love the sleeve length. i purchased this in both white and black. great for spring and summer.	Knits
This top is sold out in my size online but i was fortunate enough to snag one in the store. great top that can be dressed up or down. the ruching across the front is very slimming. tried the top with skirts and pants -- looks great with everything! i usually wear a size small in deletta tops but sized up to a medium to accommodate my chest (i am a full c cup). i highly recommend this purchase.	Knits
I was looking for a comfortable top that looks put-together and cute for work, and this one fits the bill. i couldn't decide between black or white ? so i got both! if i had to choose, i would stick with the black, because it's more slimming, particularly for those of us with a large bust. it's not as heavy or stiff of a material as it appears in the pic, which i like, but it still has structure. great basic with some flair. i got the small (my normal retailer size), and it fit perfectly.	Knits
This top is just as pretty in person as it is online. i usually buy petites, but ordered this one in the regular length and i'm glad i did. perfect on me at 5'2". my usual size medium fit great everywhere else too. love their fabric choice as well. i'm getting really tired of the thin cottons and slub jersey materials being used so often now. deletta made my day once again!!!	Knits
I got this top in white and it is cute. the fabric is a weird kind of polyester, and kind of shiny. i got the medium and it pulls a little around the chest. overall i like it.	Knits
Love this top, wore it for the first time today and it looks so good. soooo flattering from the front. the back is plain, but ive got some back fat, so i wear a jacket.	Knits
This should have been cute, but the fabric choice + ruching design made me look like i had elephant skin rippling around my waist -- super unflattering.	Knits
I wanted to love this shirt. it's got a thicker material, a flattering shape and the uniqueness for a basic top. however when i put this on, it just looked like it was ill-fitting over the chest. i think if the pull was below the chest, it would be much better.	Knits
I agree with the other reviewer -- it's refreshing to find a top that isn't all baggy or sheer, which seems to be the current trend right now._______pros:- lots of stretch. this was so comfortable and the rayon lining inside really makes this breathable.- the ruched detailing, sleeves and overall length is great.- no cami needed with the white. i see in the pics on the model that appears to be cami underneath. i wrote a nude bra and didn't have an issue at the front because it's two la	Knits
I'm tall (5'11" and busty) and found this top to run on the short side. as others have said, the material is soft and stretchy, but the rouching created a bit of a bulky look. i returned it.	Knits
This is the second dress i buy at retailer this year and this one is spot on!! exactly what i was looking for: feminine, dressy yet can be dressed up or down depending on the circumstance. the fabric in this dress is particularly gorgeous, very comfortable on the skin, very flowy so it doesn't have a "heavy" quality to it and the design is amazing with the navy ribbon on the front. i completely fell in love with this dress! this is a little number to keep for many years.	Dresses
This is a nice top! it is dressy and cute, tts. i am 8 or 10 and got a med. would look great with jeans, pencil skirts, slim cut pants. very happy with this purchase.	Knits
This is a great top. it does run a bit large but it's intended to be flowing. i got so many compliments the first time i wore the top and its actually quite flattering! great purchase, especially on sale!	Knits
This is a great shirt for fall. very comfortable and flowy, without making you look dumpy. tried it on in the store, ended up waiting to buy online at the sale price.	Knits
I love this top! i'm 5'7'', 135 lb and the small fits well (probably could have fit in the xs). it is more fitted at the top and flowy at the bottom. i ordered it in orange and it is a very pretty peachy coral stripe. highly recommend for a comfy top that can be dressed up a bit more than your average t-shirt.	Knits
Construction excellent. the dress was pretty big around the hip...does not have a shape like seen in the picture. the fabric was beautiful but was stiff...like furniture. the color was not as vibrant as the picture. returned.	Dresses
Beautiful top but it didn't fit. i am small chested with wide shoulders, normally wear a xs or s - ordered the xs and it swallowed me.	Knits
Bought this shirt in mid-july, washed twice (cold, delicate) and hung to dry. already holes/falling apart	Knits
Like this top. it's not too thin but still remains cool. too bad it has to be hand washed.	Knits
Love this top and wish they had more colors in xs, but the sale was too good so they were sold out. i'm 5'10" 140 lbs, an xs fits great. will go with jeans or leggings.	Knits
This dress has a nice soft fabric and pretty details in the stitching and there is a matching slip with adjustable straps that snaps onto the inside shoulders. i found the length in petite to be fine but the loose fit to be unflattering for me as a short person (5'1"). however, the photos here on the website with the model are quite accurate- you can see exactly how it fits loose through the waist. if that's what you are looking for, go for it, but personally i didn't find it to "do anything" fo	Dresses
I needed to size down to a small. it's very flowy. but the color palette and the open stitching around the neck and hem are really sophisticated and pretty.	Dresses
Great looking, please dry clean it or you'll ruin it, fits well, easy to make an outfit look stylish	Knits
Love the style and fit, but it does stretch out during wear. by the end of the day, it feels big.	Knits
I love this top. it is comfortable and different from other tops in my closet!	Knits
The material was a little itchy in my opinion. the fit was pretty big. almost a night shirt. i'm 5' 3", and i will probably only wear this around the house with tights. i got a small. i purchased the orange color online. stay away if you have an olive skin tone! it's the pinkish it appears to be on be on the website. i'm 130 pounds 34d	Knits
I bought this shirt at the store and after going home and trying it on, i promptly went online and ordered two more! i've gotten multiple compliments anytime i wear any of them. great for looking put together with no fuss. people that have commented there's were destroyed in the wash didn't read the care label which says dry clean.	Knits
This dress has gorgeous fabric and impeccable quality construction! i'm 5'4 118lbs and large busted (32. dd). i am usually an overall size 4 but when buying dresses usually have to purchase a six to accommodate my chest. i ordered a size 4 because that was the only size left and was going to take a chance . it fit perfect across the chest but the overall dress is enormous! does not even slightly silhouette your figure. it is like a giant stiff triangle. i was going to return but was so hesitant	Dresses
I love this top, very slimming and cool fabric. only problem it is very delicate and will snag, as a mater of fact mine arrived with a hole in the back. i'm returning for exchange as i love the way the top looks, but know i will have to be super careful not to snag the fabric.	Knits
I run between an xs and s in most retailer shirts. i went with the xs in this one and was glad i did. the fit is lovely and flattering. i loved this shirt the second i put it on -- then went to order it in another color.	Knits
Following the advice of other reviews, i ordered a size larger than normal, since the reviews said runs small in the bust. the dress ended up being much too big everywhere, including the bust.the dress was beautiful and great quality! sad i ended up with the wrong size.	Dresses
Great top! a little large, but i shrank it a little in the wash, and it fits a little better now. i love the structure and pattern of this top, as well as the lovely coral/orange color. it can be dressed up or dressed down! love it!	Knits
Very flattering, the material is not the softest but it's an easy one to throw on with jeans	Knits
I loved the shirt until i washed it! awful fabric quality. cheaply made.	Knits
I tried this dress on in the store and loved it. it's unfortunately out my price range but if i could have afforded it, i would have bought it. i'm about 5'10" and the length of the size 2 was perfect. sexy back and great color.	Dresses
The shirt is very comfy and is slenderizing in the waist area.	Knits
So i really loved this dress. i am tall (6ft) and the size 8 was perfect length. i would have worn it with flat dressy sandals. i would say it is true to size. i am not a flowy dress kind of girl but this was just the perfect amount of "flow" without making me feel like i was wearing a long potato sack. the back is just gorgeous and unique. here is why i couldn't make it mine. the tube top part is completely detachable and extremely thin. there is literally not much to it and i'm not sure it wou	Dresses
I bought this top when i was 6 months pregnant and wore it the rest of the pregnancy. i am 5'4, 34d and 135 lbs. i got all the way up to 172lbs and a chest size of 36dd. now that i'm not pregnant...i don't think it flatters my "new figure" anymore. ha! but i seriously wore it all the time when i was pregnant...so gotta give it at least 4 stars.	Knits
It's hard purchasing clothes online. i was hesitant on this shirt wondering about the size and that it might be too plain or boring. when i received it i was pleasantly surprised as its texture adds a nice bit of upscale to this basic tee. if your debating on whether to choose a larger or smaller size, i went with the smaller size as its a looser style and fits perfect.	Knits
Bought this early in the season - probably washed and worn <8 times and there are small holes that have formed in the front towards the bottom...bummer!	Knits
It's an adorable take on the "casual" sweatshirt. i love the layers, but i wish they were just a little different. they hang a little strange. perhaps if the bottom one was a smidge longer? i'm not sure. or if the sweatshirt layer was a little longer and the blouse bit was therefore longer. it all hangs just a little...off? but, it's not so off that it looks bad. i'm petite, so it's cute on, but, i think if you were tall, it might hang a little weird. a warning though, i ordered a small, and the	Knits
This dress is lovely. i tried it in the red and the black. decided to keep the red, as i have so much black. going to wear to a spring wedding - i will feel so comfortable and appropriate! just looking for a great statement necklace!	Dresses
I had high hopes for this top but it was too big and too much fabric.	Knits
In my opinion, the quality and uniqueness of this piece far definitely warrants a full price purchase. adorable cut and style, comfortable and cute. it's the perfect flexible top to wear to work with a skirt or more casually with your favorite pair of jeans. love this!	Knits
Really cute version of a sweatshirt. fits true to size through the shoulders and bust line; however, since i am larger in the bust area than the hip, the lower half of the top looks slightly large on my body. the sweatshirt is cut very straight, so it would probably flatter a person with a pear or straight shape. the inside material of the sweatshirt is a little rough; however, the appliqu design makes this shirt a keeper.	Knits
I ordered this in size xl and it ran small. i'm a pear-shape and thought this style would be flattering. i have a few other peplum-style sweatshirts from retailer that are my favorites. but, the cut on this is tighter so the bottom layers gap and don't flow well. i found it to run short too. it's cut one size too small. i would have sized up but, being xl, there's no option for that. i'm returning mine.the applique is done well and is cute. the colors look the same in person.	Knits
The design of this top is super cute and the material is decent. the only flaw is that despite buying the smallest size (xxsp), it's still very boxy on me. i wish it was more fitted at the waist which would make it much more flattering. however, since i am actually pregnant, this actually works to my advantage, for the time being.	Knits
Love this top! it has a beautiful appliqu that is reminiscent of many past retailer favorites. it's comfy, yet cute and fashionable.	Knits
I love this dress! the fabric and overall design are beautiful. however, the dress fit runs small, at least for me. i ordered a size 10 based on the reviews. i have another byron lars dress in a size 8 that fits well. i kept the dress because it is so pretty.	Dresses
This is one of those dresses that might be better for those under 40. on me, the fullness of the pleats and the bell sleeve made me feel like i was wearing one of those dresses for a much older lady. i miss not having to consider those things. the red color is lovely and the dress is modest. i just think it will read a lot better on a younger chiquita.	Dresses
This cardigan is super soft and comfy with nice big pockets and an easy feel. i am glad i read the other reviews before i bought it, though. i usually wear an xl (and they are often too small), but i ordered a large and even that one is a bit on the generous size. but i really like it a lot!	Knits
This top is very cute and appears in person just as it does in the picture. fits true to size and the item is made well. i had many complements and it was fun to wear!unfortunately, i did have to iron it right out of the bag.	Knits
I originally purchased this sweater in a size small (5'4 125lbs) and i was swimming in it! i went into the store and exchanged it for a size xs and it still runs a little big. i do love the quality though and its so soft! it's made of a sweatshirt like material which gives it a lazy sunday feel. it is definitely more casual than your typical cardigan but is so cozy! this is quickly becoming a go to for after yoga or just lazy sundays at home. great product!	Knits
I'm 5'0, 125 lbs, and 34d, i ordered a 6p and it fits perfectly. the color is more of a bronze mixed with gold and chocolate. the picture does not do it justice.	Dresses
I ordered a size smaller prr other reviewers but that still didn't prepare me for the sweater's issues. it looks really cute but the quality is pretty horrendous. i wore it for the first time today and already the sweater is pilling a lot on my back. seriously heartbroken.	Knits
I love this dress. the fit is spectacular and if there were any problems with the hook and eyes in the front coming undone as stated in previous reviews, it has been corrected! the dress does not come undone and it moves beautifully with you walking, sitting and bending. i wore this to a holiday party and the color is just amazing! a coppery and brown/gold pattern. very flattering! i will purchase more byron lars dresses for certain!	Dresses
Great top. i ordered online because i needed a white top that i could get away with wearing in fall to work (even though it's white). i'm "busty" and normally shirts like this make me look gigantic (like i'm going to tip over) but this was a very flattering cut and fit. i highly recommend. it was also comfortable and i wore it with blue slacks to work (the flower is partially dark blue). i'm 5'8" and the length was perfect. not too long in the butt but enough to cover it subtly.	Knits
I just got this in the mail, absolutely gorgeous. the hook and eye closure is very secure, i have no problem walking or sitting in this dress. i ordered a aize 8 going by the previous reviews that this dress ran small, i could have ordered my normal 6, but the 8 fits pretty good,just a tad big. the dress is more chocolate brown than black and the detail is really stunning!! you can't find unique dresses like this anymore, truly beautiful!!	Dresses
I thought this dress was beautiful and the quality is amazing. i thought it was going to be black and gold, but it has a lot of brown in it as well. i ordered a petite. i'm 5'61/2" and the petite was just above my knees whereas the regular came below my knees. this is a dress i can wear to many events.	Dresses
This sweater is a grand-dad style sweater. i love the pattern of the fabric. it does run a bit large, especially in the length of the sleeves. it definitely fits a more "oversized" sort of look. i find it very comfortable & perfect for a casual/weekend outfit.	Knits
I ordered a size 12 and it was huge on me! very loose fitting dress. i didn't like the material either.	Dresses
Love my new top! i wear it casually with skinny navy pants and dressed up with new wide leg winter white pants! it's funky style garnered lots of compliments. as a mother of two teens i love to dress cute and appropriate. it really pairs well with so much and the bold flower makes it stand out!	Knits
I didn't want to get the black carissima because i already own the mona, so when i saw this gorgeous marguerite for sale, i had to bite. the main colors are chocolate brown, copper and rose pink--such a beautiful combination. the hook	Dresses
Fits like a glove and looks amazing on. it fits so many different body types but yet is flattering in all the right places! i got 00p and have a smaller chest and hip but it really gives a nice shape! got compliments all night when i wore this to a formal dance, but i could see myself wearing this again and again for holiday parties or other occasions!	Dresses
Someone else mentioned that this fit like a grandpa sweater and they were absolutely right. it's definitely loose fitting, but it's really cute and well made. i usually get a medium size in tops/sweaters but, after reading the other reviews, i ordered the small and i'm so glad i did - it's the perfect casual cardigan. i wish it came in more colors!	Knits
I am addicted to these dresses! as usual, the detail is amazing and the shape is so flattering.as some reviewers mentioned, the dress is much more brown than shown on the picture so if you're looking for a black dress, there are others in the collection that are much better. otherwise, gorgeous dress.	Dresses
I ordered this dress online but it turned out to be too small. i loved the color, fabric, and overall quality. i should have ordered one size up.	Dresses
I was excited to receive in hopes to wear more as a tunic over skinnies vs a dress for fall. this runs sooo very large. the material is thick, and the pattern is just ok. didn't do anything for my hourglass shape. returned.	Dresses
This dress is incredibly soft! with sleeves that can be rolled up or down, it is extremely versatile. while the dress is very comfortable and mostly fits true to size, i found it to be ever so slightly snug through the hips at first. however, i am somewhat difficult to fit with an accentuated hourglass figure. overall, i am very happy with this purchase and look forward to wearing it during my travels!	Dresses
I bought this dress because it looked sooo comfy. and it is! the fabric feels nice and it fits loose without feeling like a burlap sack. it's perfect for running around town for errands. i actually didn't think my boyfriend would like it because he generally likes more form-fitting pieces (yes, big surprise) but he actually commented out of the blue that it's really sexy. comfy *and* sexy?! score!	Dresses
I love this dress. it fits like a dream and is incredibly flattering. i vary between a 4 and a 6 in dresses, and the 6 was too large on the bust but the 4 fit great! the dress is longer than in the picture, the model must be wearing heels, but it doesn't quite hit the ground with flats. the fabric is light and airy, it comes across a little more formal in person but is versatile enough to be worn more casually as well.	Dresses
Very graceful, long skirt. runs true to size and looks great! this is the kind of dress you will wear all summer long.	Dresses
I wanted to love the stress so much i mean who doesn't love polkadots and a good maxi! unfortunately the fit was too awkward. the bust is saggy and the waist seems to poof out	Dresses
Not sure why this tunic dress is rated only 3 stars. i love it, as i do all coth & stone pieces. and it is cloth & stonw as another reviewer pointed out. the material is great and fit is tts except for the sleeves being just a bit tight. this dress does not run large as do some c&s pieces so don't size down. i'm 5'7", 126 lbs and slender, and the m is perfect. if you have large or very muscular arms, this dress might not work for you. i plan to layer with a thin tee underneath, tights and boots	Dresses
The fabric is flimsy and not substantial. i thought it ran a little small. i usually wear a large in this style, but it was too tight.	Dresses
The dress fit fine, with two exceptions. first, i am 5'1", and i ordered a petite 4. the dress was dragging on the ground, so it would need hemming if i were keeping it. but the deal breaker was that the gathering of the outer fabric over the bust stuck out an inch beyond my 34d figure, which made me look like i had very oddly shaped nipples. i made the assumption that the dress i received was defective, so sent it back, but unfortunately, the replacement fit the same way. the lining fabric fit	Dresses
I found this in the returned section of the store in a large. i am normally a m but the fit would have been too small in the shoulders. it is very light weight and the color is much lighter in person which means it will go right into spring!	Dresses
Incredibly flattering cut! i got so many compliments when i wore this dress to a friend's wedding. with the built in bra, you don't have to add extra uncomfortable layers. it stays put with or without the straps! the skirt is blissfully full and fun for twirling. i had a little trouble figuring out the belt, as it wraps around multiple times. but once i worked that out, it was perfect! love this cut! i hope they make it again it different colors!	Dresses
Sadly, i returned this one. i'm a 36d bra size and this shirt could not handle that. it fit around my chest, so sizing up was not necessary, but my chest caused the straps to shift and sit funny on my shoulders. cute top and well made for those who can fit into it better!	Knits
Saw this in store and could hardly wait to try it on! the print is adorable and colors are vibrant. the material is heavier than i'd like for hot phoenix summers but decided to get it anyway. will be great for work. i noticed that there is a little more room in the chest area of this dress but not a deal breaker. seems to be well made in general and i love the pockets!	Dresses
This dress runs a little smaller than most maeve dresses, but it is so cute. i still ended up getting my regular size 6, but will need to wear spanx with it to get a smoother line. nice material, and great color. the store had just gotten it in when i bought it, and everyone who saw it was raving over it.	Dresses
This dress looks great with bright color, but size runs small.	Dresses
In retailer dresses the petites usually fit me better, i'm short, but this regular fit well. looks super cute, i've gotten so many compliments on it. comfortable, and the pockets are always nice.	Dresses
This dress had an odd fit. very loose on top with pointy darts, very tight on bottom. fabric was stiff so it didn't move well with me	Dresses
I loved this dress the moment i saw it online and debated ordering it as i wasn't sure the color would work on my pale skin, but wow, so pretty! it fits like s glove, in fact i almost had a hard time zipping the side where the fabric changes. the tie waist in a beautiful addition. the chest seems roomy enough, i am a 30 dd and the 0 petite fit. it is surplice so may give more if bigger chested. the skirt is a kind of lace and looks pleated at the same time. my only complaint is the side zipper i	Dresses
Wow, that dress is short... at least, the epite was, not falttering on muscular thighs... perhaps a regualr size on that one would work, but the bodice was a perfect fit, so not sure there... i decided not to try it on, as i figured this dress is very seasonal, and trendy. otherwise, if you ahve the money to spare and leaner legs,i would recommend it. the cut was actualyl flattering otherwise, i didn't have bunching issues like others, and my 30dd boobs fit in the 0p. color and pattern are prett	Dresses
Beautiful color. emphasizes a small waist; top is fitted, so if you're curvy, beware. i'm a 32 ddd and size 10. skirt is roomy. agree with other reviewer that zipper is not smooth. reminds me a little of a prom dress i had in 1987... which could be good or bad ;)	Dresses
Was super excited to try this on, but had to go up 3 sizes from my normal 6 and the waist was still too tight - i was swimming in the top as well. just a very strange cut and unflattering. such a bummer because it's so pretty.	Dresses
Loved the bright pattern online and had hoped it had a similar fit to the tyla ts which i love. in actuality this was a lot boxier. the cut was shorter in length, too short for my 5'10 frame. the width was rather boxy and unflattering, particularly with the wide arm holes and flat cuffed sleeves. also the pattern looked a little cheap in person, way less spectacular than retailers typical gorgeous vibrant patterns. this is going back i'm afraid.	Knits
Absolutely lovely dress, in a gorgeous color, drapes well. the perfect blend of pretty and sexy. so much more beautiful in person!	Dresses
This dress is my first retailer purchase in several years. i saw it in the window and had to try it on! i'm quite small, usually a size 0, 2 at most, and 34b at the top. i had to size up to a 4 in this dress for it to zip up and be moderately comfortable.i love the 50s vibe of the volume at the bottom. the cotton is nice - glad to see retailer go back to offering natural fabrics!very pretty color, and print.	Dresses
The material is so soft and i really like the design (i got the map one). as others mentioned, sleeves are quite short, almost morel like a muscle tee than a t-shirt, but i don't mind. looks really cute under a cardigan for fall too.	Knits
Based on reviewers' comments, i sized up and ordered an 8 (normally i run 4-6). and while the waist fit pretty well, the bust was too large and roomy (i'm a34b bust). i eventually got ahold of a 6 and the waist still fits and the bust is much better. so for me, at least the two dresses i got are true to fit. and the dress is very pretty and i'm excited to wear it!!!....i guess since it's fall i may have to wait until next year...	Dresses
The dress is very feminine and very flirty. i love orange/melon-colored dresses. this one does not disappoint. it does run extremely small around the rib cage. i had to size up to a 6 when i typically wear a 2 or 4. my bra size is 32 b. nice quality fabric, lined, with built-in bustier.	Dresses
Designs are nice and texture feels comfortable, but sleeves are odd because they are angled.i wonder what i should do to look cool in this t-shirt.i tried wearing neutral motif, but i still felt odd.also, width is relatively wide, so it runs large.i rated average for overall rating because of these odd sleeves and feelings.personally, i do not recommend this t-shirt, but who knows, it may be right for you...so, my advice is to try wearing it in a fitting room and check whether it loo	Knits
It was love at first sight when i saw this dress online. i have several maeve dresses which i love so i thought this would be a sure thing. i was really excited when it arrived because when i opened the package the dress looked just as beautiful...until i put it on. fit is fine from the waist down but the upper part fits very poorly especially in the back.not sure if it's the zipper that pulls the fabric or if there's just too much fabric in the back but the back of the bodice doesn't lie flat	Dresses
This dress has a very flattering cut and the style is very cute. i ordered a 4 petite and i typically wear a 2 or 4 regularly. the 4 petite was a great length (above the knee but not inappropriate). i wore to a bridal shower and received a lot of compliments!	Dresses
I ordered this dress in my usual sz 2 it seemed to be tight on the hips , then i tried the next sz 4 and it was tight because ,i realized that the lining was very sticky, and would bunch up underneath making the dress look defective on me, not for curvy on bottom. i think if you are more slim down below this will maybe work but i had to return for this reason. i was considering cutting out the lining because it was so cute, and i really liked the look of the dress, if it goes on sale i may purch	Dresses
Relaxed fit, soft and comfortable. interesting design but material is extremely thin. if i had purchased this at full price, i probably would have returned it. it seems more like a pajama top...	Knits
I am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40. i did not purchase this top.	Knits
Generally, i find sizing at retailer to be very consistent, so i ordered this dress in the same size that i order all of my other retailer dresses. the bust was way to small. so i had to go and return this and have the next size up shipped to me. it's till way too small! in addition, the shipping was terrible - the dress was just dumped into a bag with no attempt to fold this, and the right strap was defective! it's so irritating that i have to return this again!	Dresses
I like the pattern on this shirt and the fit over all is pretty good. i wasn't sure if i liked the sleeves as they are very angled, much more so than i expected. still, the shirt is nice enough that i'm keeping it.	Knits
The print on this dress harkens to the old days of retailer. if you miss the fun prints and whimsical styles, playful textures, and conversational pieces - this dress is for you! at 5'7", 34c, 27-28 waist, i bought the size 4. runs tts. site claims it's a fit and flare but i think it's more of a sheath cut. the thicker canvas like material has stretch but gives good form. i wear mine as a jumper/pinafore with a white shirt sleeve blouse. my only complaint is that - as a dress - the arm holes are a	Dresses
This vibrant colors in this dress are beautiful, but the fit is very off. you would assume a fit like this would be slimming and flattering at the waist but it somehow squished down my boobs, and made my waist look wide. it also ran small.	Dresses
While the cut, drape, and shape of this dress are very attractive, seeing the fabric in person was disappointing to me. it's clearly well-made and there are abundant high-quality details. however, the combination of a large-ish pattern and the wrinkly, thin cotton still felt kind of limp and cheap. i sent it back.	Dresses
I wore this sailboat dress with blue wedges to a wedding and received tons of compliments from men, women and children. i love the material, pockets, and flattering cut. definitely iron it beforehand because it wrinkles.	Dresses
Can't wait for the weather to get warmer so i can wear this one. as others have said the material is heavier but i think that's a positive as it is very structured and slimming. i'm a fan of maeve dresses and this is no different!	Dresses
This dress is very cute! i loved it. the quality is excellent. however, the fit is off. i'm 5"1, 107lbs, 32c. this dress was roomy in the bust and was a little too broad shouldered. it was tight around the waist. this caused creasing and buldging in the back. the color is much more vibrant in person. i would have kept it, if it fit properly.	Dresses
I love these tees, i ordered 2 of the map shirt. they are comfortable and stylish. i knew that i would wear it so much, so i bought a spare.	Knits
This dress looks and feels classy and expensive! every time i wear it out i get compliments on the color and style.	Dresses
What can i say? this is a winner! it is stunning, gorgeous, a perfect summer dress that looks like sunshine and orange sorbet. it is classic, early 1960s look, which is exactly my style! i am usually a 14 or a 16, so i went with a 16 based on the reviews, and it fits divinely. i don't need another orange dress, but this is a keeper!	Dresses
The cut of the bodice is very strange and unflattering. it is great quality, but designed poorly. returned it.	Dresses
Great dress, love how flattering it is and that it has a little bit of a retro feel. the dress is well made, too!!	Dresses
Maeve does not disappoint! unlike many of the tops and dresses which recently have been billowy, a bit shapeless, and not form-fitting, this hugs all the right curves. it's adorable, eye-catching and the pattern is so cute. i paired it with nude heels today and a jacket - so fun. just like the wynwood top in all 4 colors, the level of fun and playfulness is unmatched. it's tts. i am 5'4" 115 and got the 2. thank you, retailer & thank you, maeve!	Dresses
I got the dress with the boat pattern- such a fun dress and very flattering. it is definitely a coral, but i am able to wear this with my fair skin and will probably look better with some color as spring/summer finally arrive. i am only 5"2' so the length is great for me- i can wear this to work, but it would be pretty short for a tall gal. definitely recommend!	Dresses
I purchased this shirt in the novelty print, very cute. the shirt itself is fine, slight relaxed fit, thin material, purchased in a small (normal size), it really was the print that sold me. on it looked very cute and just really liked it. may not be worth the $58 i paid for it but would be a good pick up on sale.	Knits
Comfortable top. would have been nice to have it a couple inches longer. pretty colors (the floral pattern).	Knits
This poncho is right on trend, falls beautifully, and looks great with just a t-shirt underneath. very stylish and versatile. i received many compliments on it when i wore it. the only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because it snagged fairly quickly after i put it on the first time. it only happened once, so probably not a huge issue. i love it!	Knits
I wish his dress would have worked. it is beautiful!! however, the waist and bust runs very small. the bottom of the dress does flare out a bit but the waist is so tight that unless you are a stick, everything at your waist and hips will stick out.	Dresses
Love the print and loose fit. doesn't look to wide on my top heavy torso and the sleeves don't cling to my chubby upper arms or tummy. wore all day today, first with shorts then with cropped jeans.	Knits
This dress makes me this of jackie kennedy on the beach in the summertime. i love the pattern and the pockets, oh my goodness the pockets! i saw this in the store and ordered one while i was there online because the ribbon on the zipper was frayed. well guess what we i got it in the mail at home the ribbon was also frayed. ugh. i kept it because it wasn't a huge deal breaker. the color is a little strange, not a true red more of a orangish red. i think it's super versatile and hopefully i will w	Dresses
Got this shirt in the map design - super cute! it looks great with jeans or chinos in different colors. fun and different shirt. fit just as expected.	Knits
What is going on with maeve sizing this season? in the past two months, i've purchased two maeve dresses that run very small--particularly at the waist. having many maeve items from past seasons and other recent retailer purchases, it's impossible to ignore that maeve's sizing is quite off. that aside, the vibrant summer colors and material quality are great. the skirt is lined but billowy and fuller than ideal. strangely, it's a lot of dress yet not enough at the same time. there bodice h	Dresses
I have a different perspective than the other reviewers. the fabric is thin - and silky -perfect for summer! it is a pleasant change from other items in my summer closet. i bought the small, which i typically wear. it can easily be dressed up with heels and down with flat sandals. finally, it has pockets!!!!	Dresses
When you buy a dress full price and it goes on sale before you can even wear it ($168 down to $49) uuuuggghhh... i like the dress fine enough, but it has a weird under wire, it makes my chest look strange, like i don't fill it in. i usually don't have that problem as a c cup. more orange/red then yellow as well. wouldn't recommend.	Dresses
This should be a good dress for hourglass figures. runs a bit narrow in the ribcage, so you may want to try a couple of sizes. i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37 or 38 with a 28" underbust, 28dd/30d/32c bra. normally a 0p or 0 in these type of dresses; the size 2 fit, not sure i could have zipped a size 0..loved that the boning at the front bust and sides keeps the dress up and in place without the straps. side pockets, and the cotton feels soft, more like a sateen than a poplin weave. lovely colo	Dresses
As soon as i put the dress on i had to buy it! i felt like it looked and fit really well on. the dress pictured is an 8 and was a bit baggy up top. i'm a 32c so i purchased a 6 and it fits like a glove. i'm 5'8 and it hits just above the knee.	Dresses
I wasn't sure the color would be good on me (pale with reddish hair) but it is great for my complexion. on to the fit...it fits small, imo. i'm a 10, sometimes 8. i got the 10 and it is very form fitting. don't get me wrong, it does a great job of holding it all in and giving a great overall silhouette. but, it's not that comfy to sit in and i have to suck in to have a flat belly in it. trying to decide if i should send back and try a 12??	Dresses
This top is a great addition to my summer wardrobe. i love it because it does not cling to my body, and in a hot humid summer, i want things that flow. this is super cute and flattering. the lace in the back is soft, and not too revealing.	Knits
Love the lace on the back! it's a sweet take on a typical tee! comfy! a little on the boxier side but a great tee.	Knits
I love this top! i was hesitant about purchasing based on the other reviews but i'm so happy i decided to order this beautiful top! i'm 5'4" 115lbs and the xs fits great. it does run a lititle big but i like slightly over-sized tops with skinny jeans. the xxs probably would have worked as well. i definitely reccomend giving this top a try but size down if you are going for a more fitted look. the lace detail give this staple piece a nice added detail!	Knits
This blouse is beautiful, and very versatile, as others have said. i seem to have been buying many maeve prints lately, and got used to that fit. this blouse fits slimmer, but not tight, and ends up extremely flattering. the arms are also a bit slimmer in cut but not too tight -- the fabric has a little give/stretch and so even f they aren't totally loose, it's still comfortable. the lace detail is subtle but pretty. i am going to wear this to death, i can tell.	Knits
Loved the idea of this top--but it just won't work for me. it's really big. i'm 5'3" and 125 lbs. a small should be fine, but i'm swimming in this. the back is pretty (i tried it on with a white cami), but it looks very maternity on me. tried to order the xs, but it's sold out. too bad. was a cute idea. not too thin for summer.	Knits
This is a darling white top. the juxtaposition of the simple front and the beautiful lace back makes this a unique piece. definitely size down.	Knits
I was able to try this on in store thanks to a return. it is a cool looking item and i thought the fit and aesthetic were spot on but the price made me leave it behind. even on sale, i this wasn't worth the price for me- the high-low hem and material combined exclude it as a work option for me. if this is something you can get mileage out of, i really do recommend it- well made, lovely colors, and nice style.	Dresses
Beautiful dress! i usually wear a size 4 regular, or a 6 petite (if the dress has sleeves). i ordered this in the 6p and it is too big. wish i could exchange it for a 4p, but it's no longer available.	Dresses
This is online exclusive so i ordered both sizes xs and s. it runs pretty large so i kept size xs. the material can be stretched. but i like the feeling of it and very comfortable to your skin. i am so happy receiving so many compliments wherever i go!!!	Knits
Beautiful dress. loved the navy and the low v neck in front and back. but i had to return for smaller size. i am 5'2" 114 lbs. i ordered small and it was a little big and definitely long. i returned for an xs petite and am hoping it will fit perfectly!	Dresses
I ordered this in size xl. it fits true to size. it does have a boat neckline which runs a little tight on me. but, everything else feels comfortable. i know this isn't a flattering style. horizontal stripes on my plus-sized, pear-shape isn't my favorite. but, i love the back. the knot isn't very comfortable to lean against. i just love the lace in the back that i wear it when running short errands where i don't have to lean back a lot. it does need a tank underneath or it's see-through in the b	Knits
Comfy and different. almost like a sweater fabric.	Dresses
I am 5&#39;4, 125-130lbs, c34 bust. i ordered this dress for a wedding in size 2 and it was too big! exchanged for the size 0 and it fits perfectly. order 1 size down, ladies!	Dresses
I love this dress. it's adorable and great for summer with a unique style- it's a bit unusual with the high and slightly ruffled neck. it can easily be dressed up or worn more casually. this is the most flattering dress i've found this season (particularly around the stomach area). i'm 5"3' and took a petite size, which fit perfectly. this dress is a bit translucent, so skin-toned undergarments are a must.	Dresses
Like the other reviewer, i was super lucky to find this dress at my local stores. i tried both the medium and the small. usually at retailer, i wear a medium. however, this dress in a medium did not look flattering on me. it hung off my shoulders and the material was too loose in between the velvet tiers, making my bottom look bumpy. when i tried on the small, the dress fit and flattered me perfectly! by far the best dress i ever owned. i truly recommend you try this dress on before purchasing. fo	Dresses
I was pleasantly surprised when i received this top in the mail. i expected the top to be more of a tee shirt but it is very soft and more like a light sweater. i feel the sizing is true-to-size but the design is not meant to be close to the body. for me, the shoulders and length were perfect.this top is all about the sleeves. matador? perhaps, but it was the sleeves that attracted me to this sweater. i will wear with with a vest, skinny jeans and booties.	Knits
I definitely like unique things, but the sleeves are way too much on this sweater. it's a shame because it is so soft and comfortable, but overall i felt it looked somewhat silly on me.	Knits
Not sure what to think! i had great plans for this dress	Dresses
Unfortunately the dress is pulling apart after the first wash ( gentle hand wash cycle). also, there are no bra-straps holders, and my bra straps did show up a lot...	Dresses
This dress is the best of all worlds: sophisticated, modern, and flattering. i was surprised that the "dress" is actually two separate pieces: a navy blue slip and a bold magenta lace overlay, which will be perfect going into fall and the holiday season. i had two babies back-to-back and am not back to my pre-baby shape, but i was pleased to see how flattering this dress was. i will be wearing it to a wedding in a couple of weeks, and i know i will feel comfortable and confident in it.	Dresses
I was so excited to get this top... and while it is soooo amazingly soft, i still could not keep it. i must admit that i am only 5'2", so i do think this had quite a bit to do with my dislike of this... but i felt like a matador, which is definitely not what i was going for... maybe if your tall and lean, this would work. but for me, no way.	Knits
I would have l loved to keep it but even the 0p was big. i have pretty broad muscular shoulders and back and i was swimming it. i wish retailer would stock more petites. i would repurchase if the 00p was available. they always sell out very very quickly and they never restock.	Dresses
Love this dress! ordered a 0p and it fit perfectly.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress (and my husband agrees). i'm 5'5", 114lb and the xs was long on me and a bit baggy on top. i looked in to having it taken up, but i think that will be hard to do without damaging much of what's elegant about the dress. i hope that someone with more curves and a bit more height is able to enjoy this one.	Dresses
The fabric is more sweater-like than it appears in the image, but it makes the dress both cozy and comfortable. the skirt is a faux wrap that's secured at the waist by the tie. overall, the dress is high-quality, true to fit, and very flattering.	Dresses
This is such a cool top/sweater. i like simple designs with a twist and the sleeves add that. great with skinnies and heels	Knits
I do not think this dress runs large. i think it it is true to size. i am usually a size 10 and a 34dd. definitely curvy and tall at 5'8. the large was perfect for my bust. i ordered a med also, and it looks really narrow in the waist. length is below knees as pictured. i was finding that the zipper under left arm is very catchy. i even checked the med and it is worse. that concerns me, but love the dress so i am keeping the large. length is so hard. i hardly ever find a dress the hits a little	Dresses
I couldn't wait to try this dress on when i first saw it featured. it is stunning! i love the red lace over-layed with a blue slip. it adds a fun color contrast to the piece. i am usually a size 6 in retailer clothing and found this one comfortably true to size. this dress has a very renaissance chic quality which is very feminine, flirty and unique. a great find for fall/winter parties. i can't wait to wear it!if i had to find a fault with this dress, it's the lack of pockets. retailer d	Dresses
Beautiful and femine dress. it comes with a slip which is a big plus. it fits well and the sleeves are flowy and just at the right length. the only downside is that the bottom is not hem and being lace, it is delicate. you have to take care wearing this.	Dresses
I waited impatiently for this item to come in stock, and when it did, i had it overnighted because i was so excited to receive it. it's hit or miss with me as far as retailer's mediums and larges, depending on the brand. i generally err on the side of caution, so i ordered the large. it looked cute out of the package, but when i put it on i was terribly disappointed. it flared way out at the bottom, and was not as fitted through the waist as on the model. this could have been the large sizing, but	Knits
This is so flowing and perfect to hide any flaws.i adore it!	Dresses
I love the pattern adn color combo, but, wow,t really flatering on me. too much fabric. i felt like i was trying to hide wight gain or pregnancy or wearing a mumu. anyway, not for me, but others might toll wnat to try in case it was just me... too bad.length was decent in regulat size though, not too long. just too wide.	Dresses
True to size if we take into account how some brands are making things bigger for hte size; i ordered both the xxs and xs, and xxs was more flattering (years past, xxs would be way too snug, my size didn't change). pros: i actually thought the cut was flattering on me, the top is very cute. hte bummer for me is the fabric, the grey part is not as sift as i would have hoped and the "shirt" part can wrinkle (did in the package). length was nice for both sizes, so overall, i would go smaller for a	Knits
This is an adorable top, but it just wasn't my style. i'm 40 and felt silly wearing a big bow, but if you can rock this look i'd recommend it. the top is a thin sweatshirt material, not a knit sweater or a thick sweatshirt fabric. it is a cotton rayon blend. the sweatshirt part is cropped, but the striped shirt details come to a good length. the shirt trim is 100% cotton. the fit was true to size. it is a bit loose, not overly fitted, but true to size. it nips in a bit at the waist and then flar	Knits
As in the other review, this dress runs small. i'm usually an 8 but it was tight and short. i would love to exchange for a 10 but it's out of stock. the beading and the colors on this dress are breathtaking...i was so disappointed it didn't fit! the background is more taupe/nude than cream which i actually really like.	Dresses
This runs very small and has a beautiful design but it feels very cheap. material feels like thinnest possible t-shirt material out there. surprised with retailer on this one. back home to retailer it goes!	Knits
I was so excited to get this top! i love the bow at the neck and the frill sleeves, so current. unfortunately, it was difficult for me to pull it over my head! the neck opening is too small, and there are no buttons. i have a pretty small head and very fine straight hair, so i can imagine that others will have a similar issue getting it on!i am keeping it because i love the style, but will need to alter the neck myself. the rest of the top fits just a bit loose.i got the x-small and am a 3	Knits
From the moment i saw this top i knew i had to have it. the colors of the embroidery are just so beautiful. it is even prettier in person than it is online!!	Knits
Love this top. it is a little big through the body/waist, i thought it would be a little more fitted but i still love it. the bow really makes the shirt	Knits
Beautiful floral print and while i like the concept of this dress it was a total failure for me. where the knit meets the print hit me at the top of my bust, truly a disastrous look for a bustier figure since the fabric just drapes down and made me look much larger than i actually am. same with the arms, if the white knit had carried down to the elbow it would have elongated the arms instead of cutting them off mid biceps to make them look like giant hams. i'm 5'6" and a classic size 8 and this	Dresses
I loved the colors of this vibrant dress. the beading is fabulous. the dress does run small, i sized up one size. i wore it out and got a lot of compliments	Dresses
I was excited to nab this lovely because i am a sucker for a faux layered look. i am usually an xs or s, depending on the designer so i went with xs in this top based on reviews that it doesn't drape well. i barely got my arms into the sleeves. i thought maybe it was a mistake and i received a child's size? i eventually did get it on but barely got it back off. size up 1-2 for comfort if you have to have this girl. i was bummed my local retailer did not have a m for me to try. returned. for ref:	Knits
This top makes me feel like the artist i am. it's so beautifully embroidered and detailed! i wear it with cords or jeans and it never gets boring. it was worth every penny!	Knits
I love this shirt and have received compliments each time that i've worn it. there is a lot of visual interest from the vibrant colors, stitching and mesh panel on the back, and it is a great transitional piece from late summer to fall and into winter. my only complaint is that the threads pull easily, and there are no laundering instructions, so i had to log in to the website to learn that it was machine washable. i would definitely recommend using a lingerie bag, washing on delicate and not pu	Knits
I wanted to love this top, but had 2 major problems with it. first, it's not for short girls. i'm only 5' tall and it was a total mess on me proportion wise. the sleeves were way too long and the seam where the sweater and peplum meet hit right in the middle of my butt, which was terribly unflattering. second, the grey fabric was very thin and kinda cheap looking. no regrets on returning this one.	Knits
I loved this top so much that i ended up purchasing it in another color. it works with so many different outfits, both casual and dressy. it is super comfortable and so soft. i would definitely recommend it!	Knits
I love everything about this dress. the style, fit, colors and design of fabric, quality and feel of fabric. so happy and highly recommend!	Dresses
I love this top. other reviewers have mentioned the softness of the material and the cozy, perfect for fall/perfect for the sf bay area "winter", but i would like to call out my favorite element of the top being the scoop in the back. it adds just a little bit of soft sexiness while being just right for a comfortable weekend sweater to a dressed up office appropriate shirt.	Knits
This shirt is so soft and very flattering. i ordered the navy in a medium (5' 10" 150 lbs). love how it scoops in the back.	Knits
Bought the gray online just to try it and i've already worn it 3 times! very soft, love the flowiness, and the scoop in the back gives it a slightly less casual touch without losing comfort. the only concern i have is that it may pill up a little and not sure how it will hold up in the wash. i'm 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame and the size small was perfect (true to size).	Knits
This is such a fun happy dress. i saw it in the store on the rack that has online returns so there was only one available to try on. it was a size 4 and i usually wear a 6 in retailer brands. i loved the dress and tried it anyway and it fit perfectly which is why i think it runs a bit large. ( for reference, i am 5'2" and 140 lbs., hourglass shape but a bit fluffy in the tummy and upper arms.) it has an empire waistline and a zipper in the back. it is so light and airy and super comfortable. it ha	Dresses
Wow... great top, i have all the colors now. wow like them all. great weight cozy but not too heavy. nice that no pilling either! love it.	Knits
I rarely buy anything at full price at retailer. but, after trying this dress on last weekend i had to buy it because i couldn't handle the thought of not having this dress in my life! i'm 5 feet tall and a size 12, so this was definitely a maxi on me. but, there is just enough room at the bottom that i can safely wear it with flats. i'm very pear-shaped and this dress is extremely flattering on me. even my husband agreed that i needed to buy it even though he hates my shopping/clothing add	Dresses
I bought this in wine in both the small and medium. both fit but am keeping the medium since it drapes better and looks like the photo with longer length in body and sleeves. light material is a great weight since heavy sweaters can be too hot in heated offices. style can be dressed up or down for office or weekend. have ordered the blue and grey. only concern is how well the fabric will launder.	Knits
What a delight of a dress! i saw it online and it piqued my interest in person too. with only one size available, i was limited to try on a dress two sizes too small, so i've factored that in to my review. the dress is very light and would be see through without the attached slip. the length fell just above my ankle with the design allowing for a movement and flow to the bottom. the colors are vibrant in person, perhaps even more so than online. the fit seems to be true to size, though i have to	Dresses
Very comfortable sweater. tts. i felt the back was a little too low to wear to work, but it works perfectly reversed. tempted to buy it in another color.	Knits
I agree with other reviews; this shirt is more like a thin sweater. it is so soft. i was walking around the first time i wore it asking people to pet me. i just got it on sale and wore it twice this week already. i've gotten so many compliments. i bought this on sale in grey. i love it so much that i just bought a navy and burgundy one too. it runs slightly large, but i like my comfortable sweaters to fit large. definitely an important staple to any wardrobe.	Knits
Love this sweater. one of my favorite fall purchases by far. love how it hangs - especially the low back. it's simple, comfortable yet so chic at the same time. i bought the grey and goes great with skinny jeans and boots.	Knits
This dress ran large on me. i am a 10, sometimes an 8 but went with the 10. it just hung on me, giving me no shape. the colors are pretty and the dress was nice, but i expected it to wow me more for the price. sending back, may try again if the next size makes it to sale.	Dresses
I love this dress-i have it in the other color (black and white) but now i see this color scheme and i think i may actually like this one better. i love the wider stripes near the waistline which gives it a slimming appearance. the knotted look gives this dress a beachy feel which gets me in the mood for summertime. i love that the pattern is bold, but the color scheme allows this dress to still stay in the casual category and still be insanely flattering. i love that i could wear this dress eve	Dresses
Versatile and fun dress. color is better in person than picture. looks great with jeans jacket for chilly moments. doesn't wrinkle on long airplane trip and rolls up teeny-tiny for packing!	Dresses
This dress looks so beautiful on the model and i couldn't resist ordering it on-line. i have an athletic build -- read small hips -- straight. i'm 5'5' and 135 lbs. i was very disappointed when i put on. it's made for a curvy build. the dress was just too big, especially around the hips. i think this dress is probably beautiful on a curvier build!	Dresses
This dress didn't work for me at all. i'm 6ft tall, 160lb, i usually wear size l 8/10, but based on the reviews i ordered an m. the material of this dress is very soft and fuzzy, color is about the same as pictured, also length is appropriate. dress is very thick and warm, the fabric however has no stretch at all, dress is very specious and shapeless. there is allot of room everywhere except shoulders & sleeves, i thought that area was tight & snug which is strange because it runs large everywhe	Dresses
This shirt is comfortable and looks just like the picture. my only complaint is that it is quite boxy so not very flattering. the colors and details are great. the material is good quality and thick. if you are looking for a light t-shirt this is not for you	Knits
Loved the pattern and colors of this dress. the material was extremely heavy. the shoulders and across the back was very small so that i couldn't lift my arms or put them out straight in front of me. but then the rest of the dress was huge and shapeless. sadly i had to return it.	Dresses
So, ordered online. tried this on, boyfriend asked me if i was buying maternity clothes. back it goes. super cute but huge.	Knits
I saw this in the store and wanted to try it on, but ran out of time (a week or so ago). i thought i would need petite, but surprise, it does not come in petite...so i started obsxessing that i had to try it on, whcich i did yesterday. mistake, because i love it, and even if it is not peite, it workedc (with heels), and online it already says only a few left, so my size will not make it to sale... so i bought it full price.cut is very flattering, and colors are great. also can be worn any seas	Dresses
Very pretty color (slightly darker than on my computer), a bit like a light periwinkle/lavender... embroidery is lovely and the dress has a fresh spring-like quality. the style is a basic shift, but the color and details make up for the straight shape. great dress for the spring/summer months. good quality and was a nice deal on sale!	Dresses
Way too big and had a granny like styling. was very excited but ultimately took it back.	Dresses
I bought this shirt because the reviews convinced me to. i bought it in the blue color and it's really cute. the design on the sleeves is also great and the back of the shirt looks cute too!	Knits
I have this top in both the green and blue and live them both. the back of this top is so cute and makes the whole top.the embroidery is cute too.	Knits
I found this dress on a pretty good sale. i'd never pay full price. that said, it's very stylish. it reminds me of marni, mui mui or prada. as other posters have mentioned, it does run tight across the bust	Dresses
This is the first thing i saw when i walked into retailer and immediately snagged it. it is so flattering and true to size. pretty colors, unusual styling. there is nothing about this beauty that i don't like!	Dresses
I saw this at my retailer store and hesitated to try it on as it looked so long. i'm only 5'1", so it goes to above my ankles. it's like a midi dress on me, but i really love it! it is so flattering. there is a inner lining that smoothes out anything you don't want to show. it's the usual bailey 44 great quality. so slimming! hugs the booty in the right way! definitely worth the money!	Dresses
I love the tie dye and the accent stitching. back detail is fun!	Knits
I just got this shirt the other day, and already love it. it fits like a basic tee, but the details on the sleeves and back are really cute. the shape is loose at the bottom, which makes this really comfortable.my only complaint is it's a little tight across the back, but this does not hurt the overall fit and comfort of the top. this is a little thicker than a tee shirt too, so the quality feels nice.	Knits
This is a great tee. true to size, i ordered the large and it skims nicely over my hips. it has lovely quirky design features in the back and pinkish cross stitches on the sleeves and shoulders. i got the blue and it looks just like the pic. great weight for the rest of summer into fall. perfect addition to my casual life style.	Knits
Very well made and would flatter the right body type. i sized up to a medium (normally size 6), but the front part where the wrap came together did not cover me. the only thing you could see was the grey liner. i'm not sure this one was not sewn incorrectly, or it ran terribly small. i have had success with bailey 44 in the past so maybe this one was just not for me. the quality of the fabric and design are well done.	Dresses
I bought this shift dress for a "black & plaid" nye event, and it fit the bill perfectly for a cold winter's night. looks great with tights and boots, has pockets, and dresses up nicely. i like a good shift at this point in the holiday season -- leaves room for that last bit of seasonal eating and drinking. looking forward to wearing this through the winter months.	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress! it hugs your body without being clingy - very flattering. the fabric is so soft. i am 5'7" - 120 lbs - and i usually take an xs or s - i got a m in this dress because of the style and fit and it was perfect.	Dresses
I gained a million pounds in the last couple years so now i usually stay away from anything clingy or stretchy. but this dress is genius. it somehow looks smooth over everything while clinging to the curves in all the right places and none of the wrong ones. i'm 5'5", about 190 pounds, and have a proportionate hourglass shape. the m actually fit great. normally i'd wear a large but the stretch and flattering cut of the dress made the m look better. i would venture to guess most people could size	Dresses
Perfect except a little snug around the hips. very forgiving silhouette.	Dresses
I got this dress and the material was super fuzzy and itchy. the prior reviews stated it was "warm and cozy" and not itchy at all, but i found it to be uncomfortably so. the dress was true to size for me and the length was good. i loved the plaid in the material just wished the material had been more soft and not rough. the material reminded me of mohair.	Dresses
Loved this dress and was even happier to learn i could order it in petite!!	Dresses
I am absolutely shocked that so many people love this dress. maybe i should have sized up and reconsidered, but i still don't think it would have worked. the fabric is very soft but that's where it's qualities, for me, ended. the knot felt huge to me and definitely added unnecessary size to my already curvy hips. (for reference i'm 5'4" and 125, hourglass. 32dd .) the cut at the bottom also felt very strange and restrictive to me, like i would have had to take smaller steps to walk around in it.	Dresses
I purchased the washed-out blue color. it is lovely with blue or black jeans. medium fit great. it is heavier cotton, and ever so slightly stretchy. this is not the kind of cotton to eventually come out of the dryer with tiny holes around the bottom of the tee. it is very comfortable. the embellishment on the sleeves is a nice touch, and i like the yoke with loop closure on the back. a fun addition to my casual wardrobe.	Knits
Let me start by saying i was not in the market for a new dress. i bought this because it was retailer day and because in my seasoned experience as an online shopper this many positive reviews is rare so i'd better listen up. and because i really like the other bailey 44 dress i own. wow! i am glad i made the impulse decision to buy this. i love it, my husband loves it and it's comfy. for reference i did size down and went with a petite. had i not i think the dress would look on me like it does on	Dresses
This looked nothing like the picture on me. was long and very unflattering. belled out greatly at the bottom also. the material was thick which is why i give it three starts for quality. but overall awkward.	Dresses
I love this dress. very comfortable. soft? absolutely!	Dresses
I was sorry to miss the original offering of this dress when it went on sale, so i jumped and ordered the gray/blue/green/black stripes when offered. i purchase almost all of my retailer clothes online, the dresses i am interested in are not generally offered in my local store, so there is always that moment of truth when i get to find out if something i fell in love with actually works for me... as everyone else has said, this dress is fabulous! i got my usual size 10. i am 5'5, small busted and	Dresses
I never write reviews and i do a ton of online shopping but i had to write how amazing this dress is. so happy with this purchase. totally worth every penny! it fits like a dream- the rouching on the side is so pretty and i love the full coverage at the top. such he pretty colors too. perfect dress!!!	Dresses
At the altar of bailey 44! all hail the 'gathered stripes dress' because it can do nothing wrong, especially to my body. i got the mp and this piece totally enhances what little i've got. so happy!	Dresses
Wanted to love this dress. the fabric is very nice, pretty colors, great quality and style. it just didn't work for my body type. it would fit great on someone with narrower shoulders. probably want to size down.	Dresses
Dress looks awesome when your arms are down like the model. but don't you dare lift your arms. i'm kinda tall and the dress barely covers my bum when arms are raised. keeping the dress but will have to keep my arms down ;) maybe?	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. it is super soft and flattering for my body type (petite and curvy). though, i wish it did come in petite, as the upper body part of the dress would fit a little better. but that didn't stop me from purchasing as that's an easy alteration. very flattering. love it.	Dresses
I recommend this dress because it is beautiful, stylish and well made even though it did not work for me. i tried the small and extra small. the first - way too big, lengthwise (hit my knees) as well as in the shoulders - the latter to tight across the chest - not for me but worth a try. i am typically a small with usually never have a problem with length.	Dresses
I was lucky enough to hit retailer day in san diego and snagged this little number - it is truly better looking in person. the dress hugs in all the right places and actually fits tighter than the model shows, but the material is that soft, but stretchy and gently molds to the shape of your body. i was really surprised, i would have never tried this dress from the photo shown. so glad i went in - it's really adorable!	Dresses
This is a very fitted dress. i love it and it is very comfortable but might only be appropriate for date night as it really hugs curves. there is a lining of the same material underneath that holds you in a little. i think it could go with a lot of different shoes and you could dress it up or down with jewelry, jacket, even a large sweater over the top. tts. i definitely would not recommend sizing down! i'm a 8/10 and the med is right for me.	Dresses
Very flattering and comfortable - doesn't show undie lines. i am 5'7" and it hit me at same spot as shown in photo. a keeper. can dress up or down. i typically wear a medium but typically steer away from body-con styles. l was perfect fit for me - form fitting but not skin tight.	Dresses
I ordered this top in 2 colors because i thought it would be great with leggings. i always love my retailer purchases, but this fell a little short. i think it may be the type fabric it is, but the way the back hangs so low on my frame (5'4") it doesn't drape nicely over my leggings. the style of the top is very cute and maybe if i wanted it for skinny jeans, it would be ok. i returned them both to the store.this is one that would be better to try on first...	Knits
I love wearing this so much! i wear it with leggings, jeans and i also like to pair it with is a long linen skirt that i have. i purchased it in plum and then went back for a second in moss. i got them before they went on sale for fear they'd be out of my size. i am very happy with my purchase! i highly recommend.	Knits
This tee has a loose fit. very comfortable. covers my backside with inches to spare. flattering fit although oversized. i'm a small-medium in most retailer tops. the small fit me nicely. 34dd 140lbs 5'6. bought it in olive and mustard. great for layering or weekends.	Knits
This dress does indeed run large like the other reviewers mentioned, but it also runs small in the shoulders. i'm 5'3" and usually a size 6. the xs fit perfectly in the body, but was a little too small in the shoulders. i liked the dress enough to size up to a small to fit the shoulders, and then just had the sides taken in slightly. i did purchase this dress during the 20% off sale, so that helped justify the cost of alterations.	Dresses
Soft fabric and long, flattering, perfect for leggings	Knits
I like my clothes loose fitting but even for me this ran large, i am 5'7 134b and medium fit in the shoulders but was too big overall	Dresses
Runs big, especially if you're on the shorter side - very long on my 5'3: frame, even in extra small. material was thinner than i'd hoped, doesn't look as smooth as on the model. this top will really only look good with leggings - pants with any detail or rear pockets will show through and detract from the look. i do like the sleeve length and rich colors for fall.	Knits
It's soft and feels nice on skin.true to size and fits just fine. more form fitting than model picture.	Knits
Although i love retailer, this product isn't the quality or presentation i expect from them. the dress arrived stuffed into a small plastic bag and was a crumpled mess. the fabric wasn't soft and fluid as i expected, but rather was stiff and a little scratchy. i purchased the ecru version, which was also slightly darker than the photo showed. i returned the dress and will keep looking.	Dresses
Love this shirt! so comfortable and the style is really flattering.	Knits
Adorable & comfortable. i'm 5'3", 115 lbs, and ordered an xs.	Dresses
This shirt is so pretty and casual however with a nice scarf, it can also be worn to a nicer restaurant. it also hides all my flaws. the only concern i have is, it's a bit thin material and not sure how long it will last. having said that, i love how the material looks and falls on my body. i love it so much i bought a white shirt as well as the lavender.	Knits
I bought this top on sale in the store and immediately came home and ordered it in another color online. i love the length even in the xs which isn't always the case. i am 5'9" and a size 2 and the xs fits me perfect even after washing and drying a couple times. looks cute under sweaters and vests. can wear all year round. lightweight and good neckline.	Knits
I bought the first one in the gold color, which i call mustard. i really love the high-low style and looks great when worn with a long necklace(s). when they went on sale, i bought two more, black and grey. i love that they are perfect for layering when it's cold, but that i can also wear them alone, in other seasons. thy ran a bit large for me, so i was able to purchase the small. i am small boned, but large in the bust. i'm also short, 5'2", but they don't look too long, especially when i wear	Knits
I purchased the green dress in medium. i usually wear a medium. the fabric is pretty. shoulders fit nicely. sleeves were short in an odd length, but that is indeed pictured accurately. the body of the dress is very shapeless, billowy and wide, which made this appear far more like a nightgown than the photo shown. i considered altering the garment, by sewing in the sides from the armpit downward, but i decided to return the dress.	Dresses
Love this dress! the color is gorgeous! what you don't see until you see the dress in person is the beautiful detail of the stitched flowers on the dress. i received so many compliments when i wore this dress. the sleeves are sheer and the material light weight. you can wear this dress year round. i love these kind of dresses! retailer knows how to do this right! love this store!	Dresses
Great basic item. can be worn with leggings or pants, dressed up or down, or layered on. fit and color are true to size and picture.	Knits
Lovely feel to this almost-cowl neck turtleneck. it's quite thin, and has 3/4 length sleeves, so it won't keep you warm. but the fabric is soft, the ribbing is flattering, and the fit is loose without feeling frumpy. overall, a good staple that's a bit more interesting. the mauve-ish color looks great with grays.	Knits
I ordered this dress in the green ,and i love it. it does run a little large so i went down one size, which was ok by me!! it is super cute!!	Dresses
Fits great and goes great under cardigans and jackets	Knits
It seems like most people love this tee, so you might as well. i returned it because i didn't like how the front hung. if the front was as long as the back, i would have kept it. or, if the front was short enough to wear with thick pants, untucked, i might have kept it (seems like this top would only look good with leggings or skirts). i do like the material, though. it's very thin and looks great in the shoulder and neck area. and i liked how the back of the shirt looked when i tried wearing it	Knits
I ordered the ivory of this dress, expecting it to be a nice dress i could wear into my second trimester of pregnancy. instead, i received a dress that looks like a ugly, vintage-gone-wrong curtain of fabric. the 'ivory' is the color of yellowed newspapers. the fabric was cheap and had thread pieces sticking up all over the place. i would've been better off sewing myself a dress out of drapes a la gone with the wind or sound of music. the fit isn't that great, either. big and boxy. it could acco	Dresses
I saw this dress online and immediately fell in love with the bow design. purchased my typical size 4 but found it way too tight. i went to my local retailer to exchange it for the size 6. unfortunately, even the size 6 just did not fit right. moving around in the dress was challenging; the slightest shoulder/arm movement made the dress ride up. i was constantly pulling it down. the fabric is also quite stiff and heavy. overall, it's a cute dress but just not for me.	Dresses
Bought this dress online in my usual 0p for a special event and liked the cut but found the area around my stomach and the bottom of the open area on the back to be a bit large. this in the back created the potential problem of flapping open so that you could see down the back of the dress. surprisingly they had 00p as well so i reordered that one and love it. keep in mind that the style is very subdued and elegant especially from the front with a little bit of fun added to the back with the	Dresses
I love the classy design and the little surprise bow in the back. i am 5'2" and about 107lbs, size 0 fit well. i was afraid it might be too short, but on me it is just above the knee. the bow on the back did not hide the bra strap on me, but the fabric is thick overall so that it can be worn without one. the fit is great once on, but it is a little hard to take off, since the zipper is not on the side so there is no relief in the arm/chest area. the color is beautiful, it's true to the pictures.	Dresses
The color on this dress is absolutely gorgeous, the fabric is great, and the bow detail in the back makes the dress much more interesting. i also quite liked the length. (i'm 5' 5" and weigh about 132 and bought a 6 regular, which came to a couple of inches above my knee....not as short as it looks on the model.) overall style and aesthetic, i love. the problem with this dress is the fit. i tried it on in the store, starting with an 8. too big, no problem. tried the 6, still a bit large (gap	Dresses
I purchased the dress with the bow-back shift in peach because i loved it's nautical theme pattern. when i recurve do the dress, i found it to be stiff and boxy. being a petite, short-waisted person, the top portion of the stress hung on my body awkwardly. my bra strap was showing in the back, and the dress needed to be pulled up about 2 inches to properly sit on my frame. i returned the dress	Dresses
This is one of those dresses that hides on the rack until you see it. and you think, hmmm- this is really interesting. and then you try it on. and all the ladies in the dressing room say "whoa" yep, this is that dress. much more fitted and flattering on my 5'9" 150lb frame. it oddly kind of alludes to 70's caftans. very cool.	Dresses
The design of this dress is very cute, but if you have an average to large bust, don't even think about it. returned, unfortunately.	Dresses
Best beachy summer tunic in the store. can be worn knotted at the hip or worn straight. can be worn over jeans, shorts, a bathing suit, take your pick. wear it with a tank/cami underneath or not. it works wither way. asymmetrical cut. great for us long-legged tall people. fabulous buy. only con is that it's a tad delicate. unfinished hem and loose-knit. will easily snag if you aren't mindful. i recommend hand wash, air dry.	Knits
I loved this dress and after i got it on. as others mentioned, it is difficult to get it on. i wish that the bow snapped on and off. as i took the dress off the bow came off itself. unfortunately going to be returning the dress.	Dresses
I really like this top! it's lightweight, great quality, and i've worn it for casual weekend outings and also dressed up for work.	Knits
The material is different than i expected, but i like it a lot. the dress is extremely tight fitting, i will be returning it if i can't figure something out. i'm a 36d and wear a 6, very very restricting in the chest/shoulder area. unfortunately, it may just not be designed for my body type. getting the dress on was for sure one of my hardest workouts...and i crossfit. oh, and the bow does not come off at all, so good luck with that. the red color is gorgeous, i hope it works out.	Dresses
Love this tank! i ordered a small and it fits beautifully. i am 5'5" and 140 lbs. . tank is sheer so i wear a cami underneath. length is quite long but i wear it with skinny white capris and it looks chic. my only concern is the raw hem edge. worried about how this will hold up with some washings. other than that i love it. i received many compliments when i wore it.	Knits
As soon as i saw this dress, i absolutely fell in love with it. when i got it, i noticed it was slightly small, but figured i could deal with it. i was packing for my vacation and tried it on again just last night and i noticed the bow is coming off the back. i could fix it, but honestly a dress shouldn't start falling apart before you even wear it. it's cut on the small side. wish i tried the larger one, but now it's sold out. and i was kind of disappointed there were no pockets as pictured. i	Dresses
I've rarely met a maeve item i didnt like. initially looking at this dress i thought it was suede but it's a structured cotton, making it a little more stiff than i'd like. i feel that making it suede would've been perfect for this dress. i am 5'2 140 lbs. usually a 4-6, i tried on the 6 and it was a great fit except for the chest area (34d) and the butt/hips area, making this dress a little less shift and a little baggy in the abdominal region. i then tried on the 8 and it was way too big all a	Dresses
Even though this shirt is incredibly thin, i love that i can wear it multiple ways throughout the year. it can be used as a swimsuit coverup, with white jeans in the summer, over skinny jeans and with a sweater in the fall/winter. this is a great piece to own!	Knits
I was hoping to wear this dress for an engagement photoshoot but it fit terribly. i'm 5'0, 98 lbs, 32a, and have some hips/butt. this dress (ordered xxs petite) hugged my hip/butt region tightly, which made the dress ride up and balloon out around my stomach and back. there was also too much extra room in the chest, so sizing up was out of the question. there is just way too much fabric and it's very stiff with no drape or shape whatsoever. i felt like i was wearing a cardboard box. the sleeves	Dresses
On a hot summer 90 degree day the blue ink on the dress stained the dress and my new tory burch bag. i would never have expected that the blue print would bleed all over me and my new dress. great dress and such a wonderful fit...too bad its unwearable now.	Dresses
This has a unique style and feel to the fabric which i like. however, the color is not orange as advertised. it's more or a reddish pink tone which was somewhat disappointing because orange is what i was looking for. i will still keep it to pair with other outfits in mind.	Knits
I'm a consistent size 6 (ordered a small) with a pretty athletic build (wide shoulders and strong arms) and this dress simply did not fit with those proportions. the sleeves and back were far too tight. additionally, the bow did not cover my bra strap, likely because it isn't made for someone my height. had to return.	Dresses
This dress is adorable but sadly not for me. i had to size up from my normal 6/8 to a 10 regular to make sure all my curves fit in comfortably. sadly i wasn't in love. the bow back hit me right to cover my bra but the fact mine didn't come with pockets as shown was a disappointment. it will be going back.	Dresses
Not good for for an hourglass shape. lots and lots of pretty fabric, but the waist hits just where the hips widen--very bohemian (just no good for a figure 8). the sizing is generous. with both elastic and a zipper, there's room to go small if between sizes, be aware: the plunge at the front is wide and dramatic. i dropped the hangar in the dressing room and had to clutch fabric close to my reasonably-modest c-cup so as not to spill out. would perhaps work on a very narrow person who's completel	Dresses
I was disappointed that this dress had no pockets, as every picture on this website suggests. otherwise, it is a great color and shape. still sad though...	Dresses
I love the design of this dress, but found it to be an odd fit. the bow in back didn't cover my bra, and in fact, though the overall fit seemed right, the bust was tight unless i removed the bra (which is not an option in my book). i'm not large-chested, so this seemed like a design flaw to me.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to a rehearsal dinner. like other reviewers have said it is a true shift dress. i'm 5'2, 114lbs and the 0 fit me like a glove. it was a little hard to get the top on because the bow is not detachable (wish there was a snap or something) but once on i was in love. i may have to safety pin my bra to the bow so it doesn't show because it kept showing when i tried on. overall a very beautiful dress.	Dresses
Very cute dress for 5'5 or taller	Dresses
I used to walk by this dress, thinking not much of it. but one day i realized it had a bow which im a complete sucker for. tried it on. fell in love. tried on the 4 and 6 - went with the 4, runs tts. if the dress is too large, the bow flips down and you can see too much gaping between your back and the dress. somewhere between a shift and a sheath is this silhouette. with my hair pinned up in a teased out japanese bun and great black heels, my valentine date fell for this dress too. he said it r	Dresses
I purchased this dress in my usual petite size 2. it fit me quite well for the most part, a bit tight around the armpit area but the major issue for me was with the front of the dress. there was a weird pocket of extra fabric under my chest area (i'm small chested). also, the bow across the back did not cover my bra strap (below the bow) which made me think i needed to size up. i'm not sure if that would have fixed the weird fit in the front but i just decided to return the dress in the end. the	Dresses
This one arrived at my store and was sold out in two days! everyone loves it. the fabric is a woven material. very light, a little sheer but comfortable and really airy! it has a bit of weight to it, so it doesn't stick at all which is a win for me. the colors are perfectly neutral. this is as long as it looks in the photos. tunic length and i love it! i am 5'8 and it hits below my toosh. loved wearing this with leggings and jacket, or pairing it with denim. i adore it and i'm so glad i grabbed	Knits
Cut out design, no seems or hems. very disappointed in retailer	Knits
Love the bright color of this dress for spring and the loose fit and light material are very comfortable.	Dresses
It is a perfect weight and length. it's a great dress. i did need to have the waist altered bc it is a straight fit.	Dresses
Wore it a couple of times, it is cool and comfortable. washed it and the raw edges are starting to fray. i might get one or two more wears out of it. hand washed and hung dry.	Knits
I was so excited to receive the playa tunic in the mail! i love the colors and the flowy bottom and raw edges. this tunic could be worn as a dress or with jeggings, jeans, or leggings. this is a wonderful fall transition piece!!	Knits
I love this tunic! with that said the reason i only gave 4 stars over all was because the material wasn't what i was expecting. it's more like a thin sweater like material, with raw edge which normally is fine but i do worry about how long this will last. the design and colors are lovely! i have worn it with leggings and cropped jeans and it looks fantastic! great summer top/dress/tunic!	Knits
This dress has a much more flattering fit than appears! it has curves and fits tts. the fabric is fairly heavy, nice quality polyester and will be just the right weight for a nocal wedding. the back straps nicely cover foundations so even though it's open you don't need special undergarments. the color in the pic is spot on. don't be deceived by the "turquoise" moniker.	Dresses
I am usually an xs but ordered an xxs in this because it looked like it ran large. glad i did. it's still roomy but doesn't look too big. could be a swim cover-up or would look cute with jeans. very pleased.	Knits
I love this dress but unfortunately it is so low plunge that i would have no occasion to use this dress, except for possibly a pool-side event.i am a modest c cup and could not get away with wearing this dress anywhere.if you do decide to purchase the dress, you can actually go a size down. i'm between a 4 and 6 and purchased the 4 and fits beautifully.	Dresses
This dress is comfortable and cute. i wear xs and this is true to size. the only thing i don't like is the neckline. it is very low cut. will have to wear a cami underneath.	Dresses
I was so excited to order this dress. i loved that it had a normal neck, nice length, and there wasn't a hole in the back. but this dress is just plain awful. the top fit tight across the bust, it flattened me out like i was wearing a too tight sports bra. then the back zipper puckered and bumped up like there is too much zipper for the fabric. i could not get the zipper to lay flat. the fabric is itchy and very cheap feeling. on top of it all the colors are much brighter than they appear in the	Dresses
A nice comfy sweatshirt. i do wish it was just a tad longer; tends to run a little short and therefore looks a little boxy and i'm only 5'3! (i purchased the regular size not the petite)also the front wool insert is a little scratchy as it is not lined on the inside.	Knits
I actually bought this dress last year and they made another one in a similar dark floral which i also bought--because i love this dress so much! i wish they would make a different pattern--i'd buy a third one! the online picture does not do any justice to this dress. fits like a dream---soooo flattering. modest but not matronly at all. flows beautifully. i have received tons of compliments every single time i wear this dress. this dress is absolutely lovely. please make this in another pattern!	Dresses
I found this to be true to size (m fit me well - 5'7", 140 lb, usually a size m for tops). it does have a straight fit, and it hits at the waist. i wouldn't call it cropped, but if you prefer longer tops you may want to layer. it looks cute with a collared shirt underneath, and you can pull the shirt's cuffs over the sweatshirt. the sleeves were a great length.	Knits
I ordered this dress in a size 12. i'm 5'9'' and 180lb. i usually wear size 14 but the 12 fit beautifully. the material has a nice stretch to it so that i think it would still fit whether i gained or loss 10 lbs. when i pulled it out of the box i immediately thought it read "grandma", but was pleasantly surprised when i put it on. it is snug in the waist and flares out nicely from there. it hits me on the knee exactly as it does the model in the picture. i plan on wearing this maybe for christma	Dresses
I received this dress as a birthday gift and am completely in love with it! there are some things about it that i wish i'd known (but are by no means deal breakers!). first, you can kind of see this in the model shot, the keyhole neckline is not sewn shut at all - it's completely open. it didn't cause problems for me, but some women may not be comfortable with that. my dress didn't have any zippers and so was a pullover. the band that runs around the waist has little to no stretch, so you have t	Dresses
The shirt fits nice and has a classic cut. i would imagine this to look good on just about anyone. the shirt is soft and comfortable, but is rather thin and see through. the stitching is coming undone a little bit in some areas. wouldn't pay full price for it, but it's worth it on sale.	Knits
Material is very thin, and although this is apparent in the design, i just didn't like the way the cuffed sleeves felt...	Knits
Absolutely beautiful dress. i bought a size 8 and found it tts. i typically buy 6/8 in retailer dresses. the print is gorgeous (i am a sucker for anything with poppies) and i love the silky material; hugs your curves and flows nicely. i was worried the torso would be too long based on prior reviews, and because i am of short torso, but it fits well. would definitely recommend.	Dresses
I had a dress that felt like this in 1993. it jiggles, even if you don't. no amount of spanx can cure a dress jiggling of its own accord. the neckline that i had thought would be classic instead veered into frumpy. all in all i felt like it belonged in a discount store surrounded by polyester brethren.	Dresses
I love this dress in the fact that it isn't low cut, isn't several inches above the knee - and bam it has sleeves! the length is gracious and the all over print flattering for a full figure. the skirt has a wonderful swing to it. i'm 5'4" and 165, so i ordered the 12 regular. it does fit (and has stretch to the fabric), however it is too long in the torso on me. so much so that the low waist seam pops up and the zipper bumps out when i move around. i pulled up the top by an inch or two and the d	Dresses
I ordered this dress online and am struggling to decide about whether to keep it. the fabric is soft and comfortable and has a more casual look. the dress makes my boobs look awesome, but doesn't do much for the rest of my body. the main reason i'm on the fence about keeping it are that i'm not sure if i would wear it to work (the slit goes up fairly high and the fit draws attention to my bust). i think that i would love it for casual wear in the summer but i prefer to invest in dresses that are	Dresses
I love love love this dress! i am 5'4" 117lbs and got an xs. it's just barely small on me but works great. it looks amazing and i can't always wear maxi dresses. they don't always work with my body type. this one is perfect. the color is gorgeous. i highly recommend this dress.	Dresses
I am so pleased with this midi dress; i've already worn and laundered this dress multiple times and i cannot express how comfortable and cute this dress is to wear. best of all, the fabric is just substantial enough that there are no posterior lumps or panty lines that are visible and the v-neck is just low enough to provide a subtle sexy dcolletage. i love the length of this dress as i really dislike my knobby knees and this exposes enough leg from the sides and disguises the ugly knees for me	Dresses
I'm small--5'1" and 90 lbs--and the petite xxs fits really well. the fabric feels soft, too. i can't wait for warmer weather so i can wear this.	Dresses
This dress is incredible soft and flattering. it sits higher on the waist than most other dresses i've received from retailer, which is actually great for me, as i have a short torso. i have been able to put it in with the regular wash cycle, which was a pleasant surprise. the only issue was with the overlapping fabric on the top; i ended up adding an extra stitch to avoid being totally exposed.	Dresses
I splurged on this dress when it was first in stock a year ago and haven't regretted it for a minute. it is my go to dress for work, cocktails, and once, two weddings in one day! the print is gorgeous and the fabric is super comfortable. i love twirling in it as the dress has just enough stretch with a little flounce. the length is ladylike and the sleeves provide perfect coverage for my arms. the seam between the bodice and the skirt hits right at your natural waist and the look really flatters	Dresses
I love this! i can dress it up with a sharp white button down and skirt or match it with grey leggings and boots for easy sunday's.	Knits
This dress was hard for me to get on but once i did...my oh my. i am quite top heavy including my upper arms and back, so forcing the waistband over my shoulders made me panic a bit. after the struggle, it fits like a glove and skims over all my yucky parts! can't stop caressing the fabric and i hope my date (aka the hubs) feels the same. dress is not lined. i would've liked a soft mesh type lining similar to what plenty uses. petite was sold out so i bought medium regular and it skims the	Dresses
I was really excited for this dress to come and hoped it would work well for a couple of holiday parties that i will be going to this season. i wasn't sure what i thought when trying it on, but i am thinking it will go back since i still am not super excited about it. for me the waistline was a bit high, and it had a bit of a frumpy feel. i love the floral pattern but overall it just wasn't amazing.	Dresses
Great dress for vacations!	Dresses
I love the style of this dress and the way it lays. looks nice on, just wish it were longer. i normally wear size small but had to return for a medium so that it was long enough.	Dresses
Poor quality, material looks much thinner and cheaper than pictured.	Knits
I feel in love when i tried it on! i'm 5'2 an usually have to hem long dresses - but this on fits perfectly. it's full length on me -it's shorter on the model but i think it looks better full length. and it's a gorgeous burgundy. soft and comfortable. can't wait to wear it!	Dresses
Love to just throw on this shirt with whatever accessories and skinny jeans. easy to wear and very comfortable	Knits
This tee is such a staple for me. i bought it in the green and it is such an elegant deep emerald. the perfect shade. the shirt has some detail that is not shown - there is stitching/seaming along the side in the front and back that give the shirt a good structure. the shirt also has a great weight to it. the knit is sort of a vertically ribbed knit but thicker than a classic ribbed tank top. the edges of the material are also open, almost-frayed edges. the additional detail on this shirt defini	Knits
I was just at the store and purchased this cute top which runs tts for me. i wasn't expecting to find anything at the store but the beautiful lace and adorable tie at the front caught my eye so i bought the small which is my usual size at retailer (34d-27-35) and it fits perfectly. the material is a touch thin but that's okay with me since i don't want heavy clothes for the warmer months anyway. i also don't find this top particularly see through as it's black and will wear a full coverage bra wit	Knits
This dress is beautiful, made with high-quality fabric, unique design and color, etc.but it fits so weird! i am hourglass shaped so this dress seemed pretty ideal, but i just couldn't make it work. it was heavy and awkward feeling when on, the clasp at the breast would definitely not stay closed long, and would undoubtedly need replacing sooner than later. the sleeves are too fluttery and long. the dress itself is just too bulky and has too much of that beautiful fabric. maybe a really tall, s	Dresses
This is the most beautiful dress ever! i'm very short and petite with an hourglass figure and a rather large chest. this dress feels like it was made for me. i often have a difficult time finding a dress that flatters my figure and is slimming. i was shocked that it was even a little roomy in the chest. the cut is so beautiful and it is very well made. while the lining might be too short for tall girls, being only 5"1, the lining is perfect. the length in the back is just a teeny bit too long so	Dresses
The photo does not do this dress justice at all. it's a light lavender and extremely flattering. i'm athletic so have broader shoulders and hips, and this is an amazing fit for me. also, the front has a small button to make it more modest, which is closed in the photo of the model, but if you leave it open, va-va-va-voom! so, to summarize: beautiful spring lavender, fabulously feminine fit. get it!	Dresses
Adorable fall dress. but it runs huge -- i'm an hourglass 8 or 10 usually and the 6 fit best in the top and full skirt (36d, 30 waist) but sadly each size the sleeves get like 2 inches shorter. since these are blouses sleeves they look off. so sad bc this dress is adorable otherwise. if you always find sleeves too long for you, snap up this gem, this is for you!	Dresses
I am 5'4 and a curvy girl and find this dress to be super flattering in fit and length. i got a size 14 which is my typical size. the slip is a little tight in the bust area for me so i find it easier to put on first and then the dress over which is possible because it snaps in and out at the shoulders. it arrived super wrinkled but i found tossing it in the dryer for a few min helped - is it dry clean which is slightly high maintenance but so cute it's worth it. great dress for transitioning in	Dresses
This is definitely again, a bit big. i'm usually a med, that is what i got, i could have gotten a small, but the arm holes might have been a tad tight then. i'm keeping the med, in case it shrinks, as it is part rayon, and rayon always shrinks if put in the washer. it is a great casual piece that will go with most anything. i love the tie, as you can then tighten the waist up a bit, or leave looser. the material is soft and not clingy. this is why i love a rayon blend. it hits me below my waist	Knits
Love how breezy this shirt is and adds unique texture & detailing to your outfit. the simple black color is a nice touch so the color does not compete with the detailing.	Knits
Love this top, very flattering. love it so much, i actually wish it was a dress...a knit summer dress with a tie at the waist would be perfect. seems to run a little big, so if you're deciding between sizes, size down.	Knits
I loved this dress when i saw it in the store. the colors, weight, fabric. love. love. love. unfortunately i have to agree with other reviewers, the pockets and the positing of the draw string made my hips look unflatteringly large. i tried on a size 0 petite, which is my usual size. all flowed nicely except for when you get to the pockets. truly disappointed as it was beautiful in every other way. but in the end, i had to pass.	Dresses
I wish it were easier to get in this dress. i'm 5'4 with a 36d and i couldn't get it on. it's so pretty though.	Dresses
I saw this on a mannequin at the store and was instantly drawn in by all the beautiful blue lace and the overall design. however, when i tried it on, i personally found a few things that just didn't work for me:____________pros:- blue lace is lovely throughout, nicely done.- there's a little snap closure at the front of the dress where the fabric overlaps at the bra cups. i can only assume it's to make it easier to get the dress on. it's a nice little detail, although not sure if really	Dresses
I saw this online first and didn't care for it. then i saw it in-store and purchased it with little memory of the online experience, because the dress is that much better in person: it's (nearly) seasonless, looks great with fall boots, and has garnered many compliments. this is one of those that the internet can't really do justice to. i withhold a star for quality since the snap-in keeps for the slip were confusing (and maybe it's just the one i bought): one of the keeps was detached from the	Dresses
This top is very versatile. i wore it out to dinner with skinny jeans on a friday night, but it can easily transition to a saturday afternoon stroll around town top.	Knits
I actually love this dress. the colors on the dark gray are mesmerizing. the design of the placket adds a special touch to the look. my issue is the way it looks on my body--not flattering. i already have a squarish apple (squarple?!) body and the cut emphasizes this more. i was hoping the fabric would hang on me the same way the ivory dress on the curly haired model does, so i sized up. all this did was make me look wider, especially at the shoulders. the drawstring at the elastic makes	Dresses
This top is lovely! i wanted so badly to make it work for me, but it is just too short and makes me look broad. i am 5' 11" and have a long torso, and the keyhole where the tie is gapes (fixed that with two safety pins, though - and would have stitched it shut if i was keeping this lovely blouse).the fact that i cannot lift my arms up without flashing my tummy to the world didn't even deter me enough to return it.but the overall fit was just boxy on me. it made me look larger overall. fo	Knits
I just received this top today, and as usual, retailer doesn't disappoint!! it's beautiful, runs a bit generous and has such pretty detail. i'm 5'2, 128 pounds and always wear a size small. this small fits well with just enough room to be a little generous around your waist. what a steal!! don't miss this perfect addition to any wardrobe.	Knits
This dress is a great weight and it's very comfortable. i'm glad i tried it on when i saw it in the store, i probably would have passed it by online. great detail, lined and not see-through! i'm 5'4 and 115lbs and it's still the 0 is still a little baggy, but that is the style of this dress!	Dresses
This is a great little top. the tie sits right at the waist and loose enough to slide over top of pants or shorts. the detailing at neck and shoulders is very eye catching. i received several compliments when i wore it.	Knits
Fits great. structured, but still comfy. figure flattering.	Dresses
I am 5' 7" with an athletic build (small chest, small waist, muscular hips/thighs). this shirt just hangs on me and makes me look much larger than i am. i purchased a small, an extra small would be way too short. i could see how it works for fuller figured girls.	Knits
I bought this earlier in the summer in size xl. i've gotten such good use out of it. the fit on me matches the model. the details of the crochet lace add such a nice touch. not your typical hoodie. but, just the same comfort. i've washed in cold in my machine & air dried. it hasn't shrunk. one of my favorite purchases. perfect for chilly weather or when you go into a/c areas. would love this in other colors. great piece!	Knits
I loved this dress when it came out this summer but it quickly became impossible to get. i snagged up this one as quickly as i could when it came out. i don't really love any of the fall colors it was offered in, but for this one - i would say it is much more rust and less orange in person.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress online. i listened to the reviews and ordered a size up. i got it in the mail and couldn't wait to try it on! i was sad that to find, that while it was tight across the chest and the keyhole in the back seemed to pull, it was really large in the body. in addition, while the lace is beautiful it is very fragile. i still think this is a great dress but definitely for someone who is small chested. for reference i am a 32dd and size 2-4 and i ordered a medium.	Dresses
I had been hearing about this dress for months and was so excited to see they brought it back in more colors. the reviews i read claimed it runs small in the chest area. i'm a true pear shape (23b, i normally wear - size 2, xs, on top and size 4-6 on the bottom, but with dresses i almost always get size 2) because of the swing a nature of the dress i decided to size down with this one. i was nervous how tight it would be up top but i also didn't want it to look like inwas wearing a sack! so i to	Dresses
Comfortable, stretchy fabric; both colors are beautiful	Dresses
The shirt is beautifully made and very comfortable. i'm a medium though, and i ordered as such- but it's way too big for me.	Knits
I love this dress! splurged while i was doing my christmas shopping to get this for myself, and i'm so glad i did! it's such a comfortable dress - stretchy and not too thin or too heavy of a fabric. it pairs well with tights and a long cardigan in the winter, or on it's own with a statement necklace. style and fit are great - this dress is super flattering,	Dresses
This is an awesome go to for dressy or casual! wore it with booties for a dinner and flats for temple and was perfect for both! lace is a little delicate but worth the extra care!	Dresses
The cheshire dress is lovely. the fit is true to size and the quality is awesome. i love the way the sleeves lay on my shoulders. i would definitely recommend this dress!	Dresses
This top is gorgeous and flattering for spring. the fit is beautiful. one thing - i find that the seam that goes across the stomach does chafe a little bit. however, with a light tank underneath this is no issue at all and the top is well worth it.	Knits
I'm keeping this cute and fun dress but i agree that the top is tricky if you have a larger bust or shoulders. i got my tts 6 and am a 32dd with broad shoulders and can wear it but it's snug. the top would probably look better in an 8 but there's so much volume below, i kept the 6. i'm 5'7" and thought it was short but just fine for anything other than a professional setting. i have toddlers, so not the best dress for bending over, but fun for when i'm out and about on my own.big compliments	Dresses
Fits great and the material feels great on! going to buy a second one in a different pattern.	Dresses
The online picture does not do this top justice. much cuter in person. soft and so comfortable. got this in my usual xs. paired with a white "fluffy" sweater and jeans to wear to a casual charity event. hope they do more of this top in other colors.	Knits
I'm a short girl, but i usually wear tops in a small or medium at retailer. for me, i would have needed this shirt in a size at least one notch smaller than even offered. this shirt is adorable. love the details. i wanted it so bad, which is why i paid so much for a basic t-shirt. still, it was large to the point of frumpiness and could have used some sort of scoop or v-neck to break up the dots.	Knits
I bought this top on a whim - it's not 100% my style, but wanted to try something different. the fabric and print are amazing! so unique, soft, subtle, and delicate. great fit as well. my only complaint is not the fault of the top, but if you have a bit of tummy, the fold at the peplum really brings it out so you'd have to wear high-waisted bottoms or suck it in. the hem is also really flowy, more so than shown in the pictures. theres a lot of fabric so it kind of ruffles more at the bottom rath	Knits
An odd top.for my curvy figure (34g), the seam did not enhance, but rather made me look wider.the material is...interesting. foam-like is all i can think to describe it. the fabric and design are not as elegant looking in person.	Knits
I really love this dress. it's very flattering for all body types - i'm 5'4", 120 and i purchased a small. it also looks really cute with a stretchy belt. in the picture - it doesn't show this, but it has these cute snap sleeves that adds some great detail. it's also very comfortable. it is a thin material, so for those looking for a thicker fabric - this may not be the right dress. loved it!	Dresses
I love the swing and the pretty color of the dress. it's fun to dress up or dress down. the fabric is a little thin so you will need good undergarments if you have lumps and bumps.	Dresses
I love this top because the gold dots add a bit of bling to your otherwise average slouchy t-shirt. i didn't notice that the dots are actually 'distressed' until i got the shirt and then looked closer at the online pictures. worry not, they are supposed to be that way and do not peel off. the sizing is a bit odd but i assumed that it corresponded to xs,s,m,l so i ordered my usual xs (0) size and it worked out just right. i'm giving this shirt an overall of 4 stars instead of 5 because this shirt	Knits
I saw this in the sales section today and was drawn to it by the color and style. i really didn't think it'd fit on me, even though the only size available was a size 12, because it looked like a sheath-type dress that's more body hugging, and usually such dresses just don't work well on my wider hips and hourglass frame. howeverl here's what i thought:_____________pros:- beautiful blush pink. it looks exactly the same in person as online.- very comfortable as the other reviewer mentioned. t	Dresses
-this was actually at my local retailer store. it reminded me of another online exclusive that was a dress and had the same flower shapes but the color was a soft pink; this is exactly like that._____________pros:- it is so lovely with the pleated fron	Knits
I got this in blush pink and the details are very pretty. the dress is wide, might have a tailor bring it in on the sides, but its very comfortable and i like that it covers my arms a bit, but still keeps you cool.	Dresses
I have had my eye on this dress since the spring (in yellow), but it sold out quickly. i jumped on this dress as soon as i saw it come out in different colors this fall! i purchased the peach color and it is really lovely. i will be wearing this dress for family photos. the lace and the details are so very pretty! i am usually a size 0 or 2, and purchased in size 2 since there is no stretch to it. it is a beautiful dress and i highly recommend it! wish it came in white!	Dresses
Now i would've been scared off by the fabrics had i not seen the cute, flattering cut if this spring top. love the futuristic look of the fabric and style brought back by the rise design throughout. like the previous reviewer claims, this top is even cuter on us non models (who are pry not as washed out). the color combo is another positive because it's both flattering and versatile!	Knits
I wore this tee under a comfy cardigan on a flight to denver. i received several compliments.	Knits
I love simple, comfortable tops with interesting details and one that i can easily throw on without much fuss. this top is made for people like me!!! the ribbed knit is super soft without being too thin, the lace is quite pretty without being too delicate. normally, tops like this have the lace portion sewn to the hem but this top actually has a whole layer of lace under the knit outer shell. so, it's like wearing a layer of lace and ribbed sweater on top of the lace. the good news is, the lace	Knits
I recently purchased the reading room cardigan in the color pink. the color is beautiful, and very flattering with my olive complexion. i ordered a medium, and although it's not a traditional fitted cardigan, the shape was very flattering, good length for my 5' 6" height, and is very versatile. great for transitional weather into spring.	Knits
Love the simple non-fussy style of this dress. note that the color is not ivory, as described and expected (not the first time retailer makes that mistake), however i still found the oatmealish-warm beige color to be flattering to my skin tone (warm tones look best on me). like that the shoulders are covered while still feeling sleeveless, gives it a dressier feel. the fine texture is lovely. this does drape up top, while the bottom clings a bit, but not overly much for me to feel immodest. i am 5	Dresses
Great tee for layering, love the sweet lace along the bottom. the lace lines the entire body of the tee and it's a little thin so i prefer a cami underneath but a nude bra would be invisible. i usually wear a small, sometimes an xs, and the small fits like it does on the model.	Knits
Love, love, love!this is true retailer! the color is lovely and it's so soft! i love the seams in the back and the overall "raw seam" style.	Knits
This open cardigan runs really big and has way too much fabric. even going down a size i felt like i was swimming in it.	Knits
I received this top today and though the color is not white as shown in the pic, it's a beautiful top. its more ivory as mentioned. the lace is like a lining(covering the entire body except the arms) underneath the ribbed fabric. like the other reviewer mentioned the lace is not itchy but soft and very pretty! i totally love it!!! this is my new favorite top in my wardrobe!!	Knits
This top has slightly more of a burnout effect than i realized. i like it and its great for layering, but you must wear something underneath as it is quite sheer.	Knits
The color of this cardigan is beautiful, and the material is very soft.	Knits
This is a great layering piece. took it on a trip and wore with both a long sleeve and tank under it. is more 'khaki' color then the photo shows - which was a goo thing for me.	Knits
Love, love, love this dress. you can dress it up with high heels, or down with sandals . a mid weight material with seperate slip that serves as a lining . i am athletic , 5' 7" and 132 lbs and bought a size small. i have broad shoulders , average waist , short torso , small hips and long legs. in the spring a denim jacket would look perfect with this dress.	Dresses
I can't stop wearing this. it's perfect for layering! the fit is great-loose but not a bag. i love that it's a wide open knit.	Knits
I am super-pleased with this cardigan, which is at a terrific sale price. i saw this in the pink color in the state street retailer in chicago, and i loved the feel of the material but wasn't sure about the color for me. when i saw they had a neutral striped version online, i decided to get it. the material is very soft and the beige/neutral color has a gray undertone which is good for my skintone. the front is double-layered and it has a fun seaming detail in the back and an "unfinished" trim whi	Knits
Unforgiving to even your smallest imperfections.	Dresses
The fabric is really soft and the cardi has a cute and comfy slouchy, loose fit. reminds me of free people cardis with the extra long sleeves and loose fit. great to throw on over workout clothes or with jeans and a tee shirt. easy piece. would size down. i'm getting lots of use out of it.	Knits
I love the style of this top, there's good stretch to the fabric so it's very flattering. the length is good for me, as the previous review stated, it's a little long but for me it's lengthening. the lace is lovely, too. i'll wear it with some white jeans for summer.	Knits
If you love the print then this is the dress for you. it is so incredibly flattering for hour-glass shapes. and it has pockets! i wanted to keep it but i just did not like the pattern and every guy i showed it to hated the pattern. if they had it in a different color, i would buy it in every color. :)	Dresses
Very light weight and soft fabric. i bought the blue but did not try green or grey. i love blue with my skin tone and am afraid green may make my skin look yellow. did not see the green in my store though. very comfy and flattering dress. runs tts.	Dresses
I ordered this in xxs petite, and it fit nicely, the green color was nice, the cut was just above the knee, flattering, but not wow. it is nice if you need a casual dress to hang around, go to the beach, playground with kids, etc., but there were just better options for me. so i returned it. the size fit me well at 115 lbs, 30dd chest. i say go for it, if you need a nice soft casual dress, ok to size down.	Dresses
I bought this dress in the green color and i am absolutely in love with it!! it is very figure flattering and looks great even though i have a larger bust. it is also a great length, hits about an inch or two above the knee. highly recommend!!!	Dresses
This top is very comfortable and really cute on. the material is super soft. i bought the white and am very happy with it, but it is a little sheer so i have to wear a cami with it. i would definitely recommend!	Knits
I saw this online and thought the idea was super cute, but was not sure if it would be worth the money because it looks typical. but, when i went to the store to try it on, i saw it was anything but typical. the fit is perfect and the fabric so soft. i wanted the dress in the green, but they were already sold out in my size at the store, so i had to order it online. i cannot wait until it comes in! i will wear this often during the summer.	Dresses
This top is really cute. the fabric is soft with a little stretch to it. the lace shoulders with the denim cutouts add so much to this top. i was afraid it might make it too stiff & bulky around the shoulders, but it doesn't. very cute. the armholes are cut on the bigger side, but not so big that it shows your bra strap or anything.(just comfortable) the cut is also very nice and the pleats make it more body slimming. runs pretty tts. i ordered my usual medium and it's not quite as form fitting	Knits
Bought this dress without trying it on but listened to the previous reviews saying this ran small and wow does it. i usually wear a 6 but ordered an eight which was hard to get on even with the upsizing. i do have a 34ddd bust so i do have a difficult time when dresses have no stretch over give in that area. overall beautiful dress, fabric is not stretchy which killed it for me.	Dresses
I love this dress. it's cool and comfortable in this crazy heat! the fabric has a great feel to it. i do wish it was just a little longer.. (i'm 5'8", 145#, and bought a medium)	Dresses
I'm 5'8 140 lbs and small worked perfectly. great dress!	Dresses
This is such a perfect tee to wear on cold days! it's a fall/winter/spring staple for sure. it's very soft and falls perfectly. i would definitely recommend it.	Knits
This dress might be the most comfortable article of clothing i own, especially for the hot summers. it is attractively loose, and so light that you barely feel like you are wearing it. love it!	Dresses
This dress is so cute and comfy! i purchased it for my friend's wedding brunch celebration - perfect transitional piece!	Dresses
I'm 5'7", 34c, 28 jeans, size 4 dress. one of these beauties ended up in our store and i had to try it on. the sleeves are no joke - serious bell sleeves that could have looked comical with the polka dots, but is surprisingly chic. the one i purchased was a medium - never had an opportunity to try a small, which i suspect is my actual size. buying it oversized made this magical. it feels modern. i actually think because the whole sweater is oversized on me, it makes the sleeves less cartoonish.	Knits
This dress looks so cute in the pictures-i love the style. ordered typical size and it was huge-felt like many sizes too big.	Dresses
Lucky enough to have the chance to try this on in the store! the sleeves are not big	Knits
This is my favorite dress purchase so far in 2016. the fabric feel and thickness is wonderful. it flares out a little but not too much. order the size that matches your largest measurement on the size chart for bust and waist, - or if you have broad shoulders, the larger of your typical size range. i'm typically a 00p or a 0p, with a 00p hip measurement, a middle range (00p is 24, 0p is 25) waist measument (24.5) and a 00p bust measurement, but my shoulders are broad and athletic. 0p, the larger	Dresses
I love my new dress! it is comfy, classy and so easy to wear! you can dress it up or down with ease. i'm looking forward to seeing more styles from this designer. i hope soon!! don't miss out on this dress. it's a must have for your wardrobe!	Dresses
The fabric and colors of this dress are beautiful but the fit is terrible. i had to go up a size to get a fit in the waist but it was then incredibly loose in the shoulders. what a pity. had to return.	Dresses
I have been looking for a summer dress with a bit of a chic flair to it- i was thinking black, tank top dress. after weeks of hunting for the idea in my head, i started to branch out. i reluctantly tried this on thinking it would be 'baggish', plain, and possibly too short. wow was i wrong!! this dress is everything + more. wear with some wedges, belt it (although it doesn't need it at all!), layer a high neckline lace top over it, the possibilities are endless. although i loved the green, the b	Dresses
Gorgeous pattern and colors for autumn. maeve does me good when it comes to maxi dresses. i have to say that the sizing is all over the place! i am generally a medium, but the small and xs (?!) fit me well also. the stretchiness of the jersey is very comfortable and forgiving, except at the ruched waistband, which took longer to stretch out, but it did eventually. i do need to hem if i want to wear flats, but the length works for my higher heels. there are pockets and a lining to my knees. i am	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress!! i eyed it for months before deciding to purchase, and when i hit submit, i purchased a size down, given the prior reviews. excitedly, i whiled away the moments until it appeared in my mailbox. as soon as this dress was delivered, i ripped it out of its packaging and ooohed and aaahed over the beautiful lace overlay and the halter cut. hurriedly, i pulled the dress over my head, allowing it to drape over my body. and drape it did, but not in a good way; rather, the d	Dresses
Saw this in the store and had to have it. i got the green because its different. i am typically a 4 or xs in most dresses, sometimes a small. i bought the small in this dress until i realized it was a little too loose. if you like that look, the small could have worked too.the xs didn't look like a bag on me and could be dressed with a belt for a more fitted look. i like the knee length and fabric is super soft. definitely recommend!	Dresses
Stylish or comfy - often the choice when looking for casual but not with this top! it's comfy and cozy and stylish to boot. the sleeves are fun and create a nice line of interest. you can pair this with jeans for a casual day or dress it up with slacks and heels and be comfy either way.	Knits
This top looks beautiful online. when i got it, it looks nothing like the pic. it's wide, too much fabric, no shape and so unflattering. it's definitely going back	Knits
Really wanted to love this, especially with the lacing and long length for this off-the-shoulder top. when the top arrived, the lacing was stiff and length of the straps were long so that the bottom of the lace didn't completely cover my black strapless bra (and i felt it sat a bit too low down my chest). thought about taking in the straps but then the area around the armpits would be uncomfortable. i did love the length of the top though. wish this top was a keeper, but going to have to return.	Knits
I went a size down on this top. it was to billowy in my regular size. it has the elastic waist but it was bunching up too much in that area. i love the embroidery. . it is gorgeous. . will have to hand wash for sure.	Knits
I was really disappointed when i tried this top on. the design and cut of the neckline is very bulky and just off. the cut of the top overall was just off.	Knits
Very unflattering and no shape or flair. lots of extra material but no swing or shape. do not recommend.	Knits
I love the idea of this top, but there is just way too much fabric involved in person! i'm 5'2 and usually wear a small or medium to accommodate a fuller chest. i ordered a small and it fit fine around the chest but the huge swing hem combined with the slightly stiff fabric is just enormously unflattering. i feel like they could have made about 3 shirts out of it. i think the picture must have it pinned a ton in the back, the silhouette is nothing like shown. if there were just less fabric, i wo	Knits
I tried on the xs in store, and loved it. stylist said i need xs petite, but otherwise, it looks great. the cut is flattering, the neckline is a tad higher and almost has a mini cowl. the colors are neutral and would love to wear with a nice pair of dark flared pants. or skinnies. so at 115 lbs, 30dd, i would go with xs petite( i am below 5'2"). fabric is very soft too...	Knits
I bought this top last week and absolutely love it! it hides my muffin top and falls in all the right places. it does not cling, but is very flattering for my size 12-14 body.	Knits
The colors of this top are perfect for spring, i love the embroidery and like the sleeves with the ties at the bottom. what i didn't like and primary reason i may be returning, is the elastic bottom. it cuts off at an awkward spot on my waist and makes my top section look short and wide. i am very disappointed about this, as the rest of the blouse is gorgeous.	Knits
Sadly, going back. ordered m, light color option, very difficult to pull over my head, not a good sign. got it on and neckline looked attractive (height w/o being a mock turtle), but whole thing a bit small around middle. could order the l, but i'm not liking the feeling of the fabric, it feels tight with restrictive and nonuniform stretch: 33 cotton/27 poly/27 acrylic and 95 rayon/5 spandex "contrast", which must mean the stripes. combine w/fact that the two wide stripes are right at my middle	Knits
The fabric is quality, nice thicker fabric. the fit was strange, the top part fit great through the arms and shoulders, except my bust makes the front stick out and results in a maternity look. it was also slightly wide, i considered taking it in on the sides. ultimately it wouldn't be worth the money. it would be a great top for someone with a smaller chest.	Knits
Love, love, love this top. so flattering and forgiving. bought it in white - great for summer!	Knits
I am a loyal retailer shopper, but find many items are hit or miss. this definitely is a hit especially in black! i am 5'4" 125 lbs and 36ddd. i usually take a m or m petite in retailer tops. because this is flowy and long, a s petite fits perfectly. the style is one-of-a-kind, the lace is heavy and top quality, and when you try on the right size, it hits perfectly. the lavender is a dusty shade that won't work well in fall/winter. it would look wonderful in cranberry or forest green.	Knits
This top doesn't at all fit like it does on the model. the mid section is very wide and boxy and the material is thick and almost sweatshirt-like. i typically wear size small or 4, but perhaps an xs might've fit or looked better. sadly i must return this shirt.	Knits
I bought this top in all colors as i love it so much! it is lightweight and perfect for our hot/humid summers. i actually wear the top backwards because the front of the top is longer that the back. to me it looked stranger to have it longer in the front! size wise, i think this top runs pretty large. i am usually a medium in most tops, sometimes a small, and i purchased this in a small petite. it fits great. i even tried on the xs petite and while it still fit in armpits and chest, it was just	Knits
I usually wear a small or medium in meadow rue. i am 5'2", 120#, broad shoulders. i ordered both the sp & the mp. i tried on the small petite first and it was too tight in the shoulders/arm (that was without lifting my arms forward or up). i tried on the mp and it was perfect! i would have to say this is my favorite fall top so far! the color is very pretty . . .more of a lavender than pink. the lace detail is delicate and pretty. the top is more like a tunic, get the petite if you short	Knits
I love peasant shirts so wanted to try it. cute top, but v-neck was lower than i was expecting. i have to wear an undershirt under this for that and also because of sheerness. fyi- shirt is off-white so stark white cami didn't work. was struggling to find something, but have the leana v-neck in navy- worked perfect and follows neckline exactly. now really cute! need something not long sleeves to wear under for spring weather here, but will keep and try to figure it out. 5'4, 135 lbs, ordered xs.	Knits
I bought this top in lilac size s since other reviewers said it has a lot of fabric. the color and the quality were great -- loved that it had the lining underneath. if your bust is bigger than an a cup, beware. the top basically flared out from the farthest point on my bust and the fabric below just hung there. it was a pregnancy look. perhaps that's why the model has her arms crossed in front -- to give the illusion that it tapers in below the ribs, but it does not. unfortunately, this one is	Knits
At first i was taken by the beautiful lacework and the pictures online showing what appeared to be a loose but shaped silhouette. the pictures must have been staged with pins in the back because, in person, the shirt fits like a circus tent. without exaggeration, there is a surplus of about 16 inches.the material is still beautiful. and because of that, i haven't decided whether i'll return this shirt or try cutting out some excess fabric to create a cleaner, more fitted shape.	Knits
I've been waiting for this to go on sale, and just picked one up in store. the details and style of this blouse do not disappoint! since it's billowy in nature, a size smaller fits me perfectly.	Knits
I am wearing this right now! it's a funny fabric--almost like a bedspread--but the cut and fit are perfect. i am short and i love the length of the hem, the babydoll style and the 3/4 sleeve. very cute for summer work or going out.	Knits
This top has really beautiful lace detail. the color is much deeper pink than the picture online. i ordered the xs petite and it fits fine but i like my tops longer so i wish i had gotten the regular xs instead. it is very pretty!	Knits
I really wanted to love this top, but there is way too much fabric. it looks nothing like the pictures. it was more like a maternity top vs. a swingy top. i'll be returning this one.	Knits
I bought this top in white. i wore it with black skinny crop jeans. it is very cute and flattering. the length is just so that it makes the swing top flattering without is bring too overwhelming. i received lots of compliments. the quality is great and the top washed up well too. love it. for reference. i'm 5'5' 125 lbs and bought the top in small.	Knits
I saw this peasant blouse online and thought it looked cute, but not really enough to spend the money on. i purchased a few other things instead. i happened to go into the store to see a different top in person and spotted this one. it is definitely cuter in person. as with most tops like this, it is baggy and loose. however, probably due to the elastic at the bottom, this one doesn't look overly big and shapeless. just a pretty top that will be perfect for spring. for reference, i am 5'6 115, a	Knits
I keep trying to find a peplum that works for me, but so far i have been unsuccessful. i just do not think that my shape and the peplum shape play well together?aside from the peplum issue, this shirt had a massive amount of material and runs large. the material alone is thick, making it a bulkier shirt, then add the volume of the peplum and i looked (and felt) huge. needless to say, this one was returned, sale or no sale.	Knits
Did not work for me. whatsoever. the stripes were adorable but the piece just didn't fit like on the model. the collar was practically choking me and the tie just didn't make my figure look the way it normally does. aka i looked frumpy and chunky, which i'm not. going back.	Knits
Alright, so i really love this shirt. but i am having it taken in to fit me. i weigh 110 and am 5 foot 3 and pretty petite, and this shirt is too big on me and i got an xs. i didn't wanna get xxs and am glad i didn't because i think it would be too short. i'm going to keep the shirt, but it is too big on me, it puffs out in the front and some in the back when you stand certain ways and i need to have it taken in, or else it isn't as flattering as it should be. the material is awesome and i love	Knits
So this may be my least favorite thing i have ever bought from retailer. this top had so much extra material it was like wearing a bag or parachute. it looked a million times cuter in the photos.	Knits
This is a cute top that is very soft and comes in nice colors. it's body hugging, but not clingy. i'm 5'5" 120 with square shoulders and a longer torso, and when i initially tried a small i thought it looked ok, but when i tried on the extra small it looked much better. the way the top is cut it fits a bit weird under the arms, as you can see in the photos, but it wasn't enough to keep me from picking up a few colors when it went on sale. i like wearing this under a jacket or cardigan with jeans	Knits
I bought this top in all four colors. soft material, elegant design, relaxed fit- a true staple for every closet!	Knits
This top fits so well and looks much better on than in the picture.	Knits
Originally got one with a stain. retailer quickly sent a replacement,useful with many skirts and pants. well made.	Knits
I purchased this shirt in white and black. the white is more ivory-isn, and is a bit thin/see through. the shirts can be worn with jeans, or dressed up with a skirt. i just wish it was a little more form fitting. i do like the hint of stretch in the fabric! very comfortable as well!	Knits
Thank goodness for a nice white basic tee that is not see through! i go back and forth between an xs and s depending on how i want an item to fit - i don't like things to be too form fitting because i still have a little post-baby pooch. i went with a s in this shirt and it works well. my only complaint is that the neckline is not totally straight - where the seam comes up from under the arm to hit the neckline it bumps out a little bit. but it's a great nicer basic that will go well with almost	Knits
I bought this in purple and then just now in navy.i love the sleeve length and neckline. this shirt is made of a very soft knit material a so its very comfy and flattering. goes well with jeans, shirts and shorts. i definitely recommend purchasing this shirt.	Knits
I'm pretty flat-chested (34aa) so it's hard for me to say how the sizing runs on this top for others. to me, it's a slim fitting but not tight, true to size t-shirt. i tried the xs regular (dressing room photo) and the small petite (other photo) and i'd say the main fit difference was in the shoulders. the small petite fit me better in the shoulders (xs petite wasn't available). also the neckline of the small petite came up a little higher. the white is a slightly dingy off-white but i think the	Knits
The dress i received was not in the least what i was expecting, and in the best way possible. i initially purchased the dress as something i could wear to work, but when i put it on, it was clear the dress was meant for something a bit more fun. it's more along the lines of a sweater dress and is very flattering and chic.	Dresses
Great fabric and nice cut - like other reviewer said, fitted but not too....but it was just too short for my legs. i do wonder if the description is wrong but i didn't keep it long enough to measure and check this.	Dresses
Nice fit, wish it was a little longer but i really do like it and feel good when i wear it	Knits
This is a great everyday top for pairing with jeans or a nice skirt. love the wine/maroon color. super comfy. i took other reviewers' advice and ordered a size up and it was a little too big.	Knits
I had to order this dress three times to get the correct size. ordered a petite which worked great. i really like the dress now that i found the size that fits best. love the color! perfect for so many occasions, church, special events and dinner out. great with flats and wedges. i know i will be wearing it lots this summer. did i mention i love the color! worth repeating.	Dresses
I really like this dress a lot. the material is soft and comfortable. it is clingy but not in a bad way. the design can camouflage some figure problems. i thought it looked better with a belt so i added a skinny beige/pink belt which worked great. can't say enough about how comfortable this dress is.	Dresses
I bought the wine color. typically wear med or large., med was plenty big.... the color is deep and beautiful. is so soft and flowing. i love it!	Knits
I love this top!! very comfortable and versatile!!i will be purchasing the top in all the other colors!!	Knits
Soft and pretty, but way too big and wide. love the bell-sleeve detail. i'm exchanging for one size smaller.	Knits
I love the quality of this little gem. it's going to be used as an under a sweater top and also to fill a v-neck line dress up that's too low for me. it's made very well in my opinion but it runs a bit too full so if you are between sizes you could easily go down a size.	Knits
Pretty obsessed with this top. it feels like a cotton, poncho. it's definitely made to be over-sized and flowy. it even hangs off the shoulder some. it does run very large. i'm normally a medium to a large and i purchased the xs (never ever an xs normally). even still it's loose as it's designed to be. so definitely size down 2 sizes. other than that super comfy and a casual top that can be worn to make my leggings and flip flops a little more "fancy". would also be nice with jeans for a casual	Knits
Bought this top on a whim on a tops sale and am really glad i did. it's a nice two-in-one piece that can be dressed up for the office with a blazer or down with jeans and a sweater. striped portion of the shirt is a ponte stretchy material. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame and the small was perfect and even roomy (i don't like things too tight).	Knits
This is a great tee.... i bought this in the green in a size m. i'm normally a small but because of the fitted look, i opted for the medium. i probably could have sized down to the small, but the medium is still fitted just not too tight, which is actually a nice look. the only thing i wish was different are the sleeves. the sleeves are just a little too puffy for me, but it's so cute that i'm keeping it.	Knits
I ordered the green and lilac. the pink color was not offered when i placed my order so that was not an option. i found that it ran true to size, but was a loose fit. the lilac color had white streaks from the the-dyed effect, but it looked like someone had spilled paint on the front in one area so i did not even try that one on. for now, i am keeping the green one, but it is a deeper green than pictured and also a looser fit than on the model. i do like that it is 100 percent cotton and very so	Knits
Bought this online to get something in the purple family. it's a deeper hue than pictured and, as others have noted, there are variations in the color all over. cute with jeans, definitely an upgrade from a boring old t. one word to the wise--saw the "pink" in the store today. definitely not pink--it's orange. i'm 5'6", 127 lbs., and 34b. bought xs and it is perfect.	Knits
This tee has the cutest details and the green is actually a beautiful, deeper green. the shirt has a great fit and looks so much more flattering on than the pictures show. (5'4" 109# got an xs, slightly loose, exactly how i like it.) the somewhat mottled/dye type color makes it a casual piece for me; great with jeans. nice fabric, thickness.	Knits
The lilac pic of this shirt doesn't do it justice......it is so darn cute on! the band around the waist really draws your eye in and makes your waist look really small.... love that!!! also, the pleated sleeves are just so feminine and pretty! the fabric is like a washed cotton.....very soft. i can see this being dressed up or made really casual.....i bought the green color and am going to wear it with a chunky turquoise necklace and pencil skirt!	Knits
The moss color intrigued me so i ordered a medium instead of large because it looked oversized. i generally wear a large. medium is a good fit. probably could have ordered the small, but wanted to preserve the draping on the side. this top is very wide but it looks great on. so do size down. love the color variations. it's true to the pics and is a nice addition to my casual lifestyle.	Knits
Lately retailer tees have been misses for me but i was intrigued by the reviewers comments about the shaping of the tee to enhance the illusion of a waistline. that drew me in because i have a short waist and some shaped tees just cling there and emphasize rolls more than my waist. but not this one. it is more fitted along the back waist and looser in the front. i generally order size large in tees as i did with this one. i don't think the fit is too big because it's cut not to cling anywhere. i h	Knits
I sized way down and this top was still shapeless and tent-like. the sweatshirt fabric overpowered the cute, feminine details.	Knits
This top reminds me of something out of the 40's. it is super comfortable and just makes a very clean look	Knits
I absolutely love this top! ordered the moss color in size xxs. i am 5'5 105 lbs. i typically wear xs and 0 in retailer clothing. this top is kinda flared/loose fitting so i would size down. the website currently says it's by everleigh but the tag says eri & ali. color is a little darker in person but tie dye effect is spot on. it's beautiful! and super super comfy! i am currently wearing it with my lululemons! but can defin see this top being dressed up with a cute pendant necklace and skinny bla	Knits
Lovely dress. the beautiful colors are exactly as shown on the website. i'm 5'2" and it reaches about midway down my shin. i'm normally a size 0 and i ordered the x-small and it fits perfectly. definitely a keeper!	Dresses
Another wonderful deletta top is hanging in my closet! i love the cotton. i love the style. medium fit perfect. it is loose around the middle, so soft and comfortable. i purchased the lavender washout. i know i will be wearing this frequently.	Knits
Living a casual life style in key largo fl. i love a fitted t-shirt instead of a boxy shape. i'm 67 years and am very active and fit. love your store. classy	Knits
This is tee is so soft and the other one in the same brand is the same. love the details also and the color wash.	Knits
Super cute and comfortable. has a shape, not boxy.	Knits
Super flattering cut and the material is like buttah! no seriously, it's like a 10-yr old tee soft! the colors aren't even close compared to online, though. the green is a brighter almost grass green and the pink is more like a salmon color. i didn't see the lilac in the store.	Knits
The top is adorable and i love it. however the pink is not pink but more of a very faded orange color. i was really hoping for pink but the shirt is a keeper.	Knits
This top also caught my eye in my local store, and being a devoted deletta lover, i had to buy. it is a straight, slim fit, so i bought a medium, instead of my usual small, to glide over my curvy lower half. it's thin, finely woven knit, with two cute little buttons at the top of the side slit; the cut and longer length in the back is very flattering. i bought the heathered black and have worn with my black pilcro leggings; it's a great top to wear over leggings or skinny jeans; no belts with th	Knits
I wanted to love this dress so badly. it came and the material is beautiful, but when i put it on it fit so awkwardly. there was just no way to make it look good. maybe i needed a smaller size, but oh well.	Dresses
This dress is very pretty but only the bottom is lined. the top is completely see through and you would need to wear a tank or slip underneath. i wanted a dress i could just throw on and not have to layer so it didm't work for me. but if you don't mind layering or your bra peeking through, it's still a very beautiful dress. i'm usually a petite in most things but this wasn't available in p so i ordered an xs. the length was good (not too long, not too short) but it was cut way too low for me. on	Dresses
I love this top! the fit is perfect and i particularly like the longer back. there is a split between the shorter front and longer back which is brilliant so you can move and sit without it pulling around your bum. looks great with skinny jeans or with leggings. it is very light weight and is perfect for spring. the sleeves are slightly fitted and very comfortable. the quality and construction is great. i am 5 feet and got a petite xs which is perfect.	Knits
I wore this dress to my work christmas party and got compliments all night! it's a beautiful dress with fantastic details, and it is very comfortable. i am 5' 5.5" and about 122 lbs. i am typically a 0 on top, 2 waist, and 2-4 bottom. i ordered the 2 and it was the right choice for me. it was a little snug on the bum and around the thighs (it pulled ever so slightly in the front) but it still looked good. it's stretchy without looking like it is stretchy. the top part of the dress fit well, and	Dresses
The photo of this dress does not do it justice. this dress is absolutely gorgeous. the construction is very high quality. i always worry about peekaboos with button front dresses as i am very busty. total non-issue with this dress. the petite fit is also spot on. it is slightly large in the back bodice for me, but i always have that problem. it's an easy tailoring fix.i think i'm in love with byron lars <3	Dresses
Perfect length and colors. i get asked where i got it on the reg, every time i wear it. mostly a casual vibe with flat sandals...	Dresses
I tried this dress on and thought it was stunning. the cut was just right, it fit all my slight curves. i'm 5'8 and 145lbs- a slender build and bought the size 8. it is lined and the material is high quality with an illusion of sheer. the length hits me just on my knees and the look is so audrey hepburn. the belt is made of a grosgrain black material and adds another elegant touch if used; it looks great without it too. of course this dress comes at a high price point, but with the 25% of full p	Dresses
Fits great, comfortable!	Knits
I love the colors in this dress, it's very feminine. however, i wish it came in petite because even the xs is too overwhelming on my frame.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and unique but if you are more pear shaped get the correct size to fit your hips. it fits very close through the behind --but is stretchy. as i was putting it on and felt it hugging me closely, i thought it would never work - but when i looked in the mirror i found it looked quite nice even though it clings. and the stretch allows plenty of movement. if i size up to allow more room in the hips then i think it will be too loose on top. so i will just wear it with spanx. th	Dresses
Great transitional top. comfy and great fit. i like my tops to be somewhat roomy and this was great in a small. i usually buy medium.	Knits
This dress fitted me like a glove. i ordered the size 4, at 5ft7 and 130lbs, it was perfect though i could not weigh two pounds more. i cannot wait to wear it, it has that wow thing going for it, very good quality too.	Dresses
This dress is adorable. the ruffles are a very cute detail. the top is a bit transparent. for the price it probably should have included something to make it less transparent, but it is so cute i will just put a cami underneath. runs true to size, my usual xsmall fit perfect (5'4", 34c, 135 lbs). i didn't find the top to be that blousy, i thought it was perfect for me.	Dresses
Don't get me wrong, this is probably cute on someone else, but not me. i looked in the mirror and just laughed, it was that bad. so if you're considering getting this, size down. ordered mine in large and it looks like i'm wearing a barrel. the pink is pretty but the horizontal striping did nothing for my shape. the fabric is soft. i'm just over trying peplums.	Knits
I love the dress as shown in the photo. thankfully i had a chance to see the dress in the store. it is sheer. can see thru it. can not wear this to work.	Dresses
This is a comfortable tunic piece with ample rear coverage. it is lightweight and there is room to layer a thin tank top underneath.the ivory is a marled heather with ivory buttons. it is not anything special in terms of style but it will serve the purpose of being a casual separate for around the house or for a quick errand.	Knits
Sexy, yet sweet and demure? all points checked with cute little number. this is the third byron dress i've bought and like the melodist, i purchased the 8p and had the same issue--too loose in the hips	Dresses
This is very cute, but i will have to size up my large to extra large. and normally i wear a medium or large. it is quite tight as a large. it looks a lot cuter on the model. so i am hoping the extra large does it.	Knits
This is my third byron lars and as usual it is absolutely gorgeous and so worth the price. it completely flatters the body and all the details add so much interest, creating a very unique dress.	Dresses
Several months ago i bought the byron lars pieced brocade dress (size 10) it's a little large through the torso area but with the belt it fits good enough. since i have loved this dress so much i wanted another byron lars dress so i bought the carissima sheath and the sunrose dress both in a 10. they both were way too big so i ordered a size 8 and they both just barely fit ??? oh was i disappointed....so one more try, i ordered this dress the allusione sheath size 10, and yepeee it fits perfect	Dresses
This is a cute dress, it fits well. i have a bust do it's not as "loose" as it is on the model. runs short. i'm 5'8" solid size 10	Dresses
I love this dress; however, b/c of my broad shoulders i need to size up. i would say if you have a straight and slender frame then it's tts. the bottam half was fine it was a tad bit snug around the arm pits for me. it is very cute for spring summer. it is sold out.	Dresses
Love this top.!!! this is a very comfortable everyday top worn primarily with jeans. please make it in more colors. i think it should be less expensive.	Knits
I loved this top when i first saw it online and it did not disappoint when i received it in the mail. it's very lightweight, perfect for spring, cool summer night, early fall. i really like the design and like that you can tuck it in. there is enough fabric in the front to give it a "flowy" look that i appreciate bc i will be giving birth soon and my post baby body will likely need some coverage! great top!	Knits
I am so glad i tried this on last minute in my store... it was on a tbale and saw it no hte stylist picks so decided why not try it on. i thought i would need a petite, but hte elngth of the regualr hit me almsot one inch above my knee, which is a sweet spot for me. petite may hit me too high to be able to pull ths casual style at work, (and i wear character shirts with jeans or joggers on the weekends)... so i ordered the 0 for me (the store 0 had a stain on it :-( i am 115 lbs for referenc	Dresses
Gorgeous dress, colors as appear in picture, thick material- quality is good. sizing- im usually a size 2 or small, got a small, and it is big in the chest/ length is below the knee. would recommend a size smaller than normal. not a huge deal- small alteration job.	Dresses
This dress is good quality but the designers today really need to design their clothing line with the busty woman in mind.	Dresses
I searched far and wide for this dress. after ordering an 8, 10 and 12 from 3 different stores in two different cities, in a span of 2 months, i finally settled on the 10! i literally went searching for this while on vacation, too. i'm 5'5.5", 160 lbs and 36c bust and the 10 fit perfectly. this dress is adorable and i've worn it to the office and on the weekends. this will definitely be in my biweekly rotation this summer. the quality is on point and it was definitely worth the price tag. i was	Dresses
Great little shift dress! for me it seemed to run true to size. i'm 5' 4.5" and curvy. the regular size 10 fit perfect, about 3" above the knee. a really fun design with the fringe. can't wait to wear once the snow is completely gone.	Dresses
This is soo cute and definitely runs tts. i ordered both the 6 and the 8 and ended up keeping the 8. i absolutley love this and i think it is unique and fun! i plan to wear it on a vacation in a month.	Dresses
I'm 5 feet tall, so dresses are hard to find for me. but, the petite sizes fit accurately. i'm very pleased with the dress!!!	Dresses
Really really like this dress. expected it to be shorter based on other reviews, but at 5'6 it it was a great length for me. it is true to size and while it was a little bit of a loose fit, it was just enough to hide trouble areas. sometimes i struggle with dresses such as this because they are too big on top and snug in the hip area, but this one was perfect for me. great find!	Dresses
This dress is even better in person! i am usually a size 2 and i went up to a 4. it is my favorite dress this spring! it is so cute with booties or sandals. i would say that it runs slightly small, so you should get the next size up if you're busty or have hips. it has been selling fast, you should get it while you can! :)	Dresses
I loved how soft the top was on my skin... plus the sexy detail in the back was a win !	Knits
I love this dress! i spotted it in the store yesterday right before walking out. i almost missed it! i'm so glad that i didn't because this dress is super cute. the fit is nice too. not too short. the fringe detailing is very cool. i cannot wait to wear this dress this spring/summer. casual enough for flip flops, but could also be dressed up with some cute wedge sandals.	Dresses
More of an a-line rather than tunic shape--which makes this a great, flattering, spring-through-summer party and barbecue throw on. true to size, washable. the indigo and purpley-gray pop with the mix of rose stripes, and the fringe and length keep it from being dowdy. i'm 5'5" and this hit mid thigh. i keep pulling it out of the closet and trying it on! can't wait for the weather to turn in earnest to wear this sassiness out.	Dresses
This is my fourth amadi piece from retailer. i love their signature fitted crossover top design which i am finding in many of their pieces (like the lola jumpsuit, crossfront lola dress and others). this dress has the same crossover top design, with a slim maxi silhouette.  the fabric is 97% rayon and 3% nylon with a neat texture that doesn't come through on the product photo but adds to its appeal in my opinion because it hides wrinkles. it fits tts and the same as the other amadi pie	Dresses
This top is super cute and comfy! just wish they would have made more xl's - ran out fast! i am 5'10 and usually wear an 8-10 top in retailer, so i purchased a large in this top to get the length and look of the model in the picture. it was too short and didn't fall like the picture, i tried to exchange for the xl and it was already sold out! bummer! was looking forward to wearing this all summer! 4 stars for running out of a size so quickly! please make more!!	Knits
I noticed most of the comments on here in which it worked for women are those who are petite and slim. i'm neither. i'm 5'9, 36c, hourglass, with more meat to my bones. my thoughts..._________pros:- fabric is amazing, breathable, great summer dress (but i'd wear it more as a top honestly).- fairly easy to get on.- ample room in chest._________cons:- too short. like others mentioned, if you're tall, this is going to be an issue.- too snug in the hips. i tried on a size 12 and	Dresses
This is so cute...i love the stripe and fringe combo. i took my typical size, 4. kind of short for a 5'7 frame, but love otherwise.	Dresses
This dress is great but extremely short. i'm 5'6" wear a size 4/6. the 6 looked like a tunic on me it was so short.	Dresses
Love this dress. the description says "pull over styling" but it's not. there is a side zipper which i think makes for a better fit. i bought a 4 which fit great. i'm 5'4" 125 lbs and it hits right above the knee.	Dresses
Very cute and high-quality dress but it is very short. the length wouldn't be that much of an issue except for the fringe (which is awesome and unique, by the way) hits right at the butt. wish this dress (and, subsequently the fringe) was 3 inches longer.	Dresses
I recently bought this dress and wore it once. i really liked it! it was comfy, cute and fit well. but... then i washed it. i followed the washing instructions exactly, but now it looks more like a shirt than a dress and it's completely unwearable. i'm super disappointed because i thought this dress would be a wardrobe staple this summer.	Dresses
Love cloth and stone. this dress looks and fits exactly as pictured. soft and casual, with great design details.	Dresses
I love this dress. the colors are beautiful. i find it hard to find dresses that are knee length and with sleeves and flattering. this is all three. my only complaint is sleeves are a bit long but overall...awesome!	Dresses
I love the concept of this dress. i love the stripes, ruffle hem and little cut up detail. but it runs huge. i'm 5'3", 148 lbs, and typically wear a 6-8. i went with the xs in this dress. it flairs out significantly near the waist and hips which makes it super comfortable, but not the most flattering. i wish they had tapered it in slightly to give it a slightly more fitted look. i'm keeping it and think it will be cute with booties in the fall. but i'm not 100% on it	Dresses
The other reviewers are right, this runs huge. why have a number of cute tops been running so large lately?! i'm 5'1 and 100 lbs and was drowning in the xxs petite. it also almost reached my knees. i thought it'd be a cute little tunic to wear in the fall but it just looks ridiculous because of how large it is and how there's no taper or shape. maybe even order 2 sizes down. the quality is pretty good if you can make the sizing work for you.	Dresses
After trying several sizes, including petite and regular, i am sad to return this dress. the regular sizes were too long on me (i am 5'4") and although the petite fit me just a little short, the biggest issue was how tent like it fit me. i wanted it to look like it does on the model but i just couldn't get the fit. usually i have great luck with cloth & stone.	Dresses
I felt like a 12 year old wearing my big sister's dress. it's a bit too roomy and long for my frame in my normal size large, hitting below my knees. the top part fits my large, 34g chest nicely but it becomes a wide a-line through the hips. the fabric is a bit thick like a sweatshirt knit so it doesn't flow softly over the body. the fabric of the lace vee insert at the hem is thick and looks awkward. i love the black and white stripes. very striking. would love a top in these colors and fabric,	Dresses
This dress is adorable in the photo; however, in reality, it fits like a tent. the top would be okay although i would need a smaller size if i were to keep it. it flares out in the skirt to become an a-line and it's just not very flattering. if i had read the reviews before ordering, i would have sized down, but i ordered before any reviews had been posted. sadly, i must return.	Dresses
Yes, i bought this dress in anticipation of wearing it right away. it's not mean for everybody. it would look good on a stick figure. if you have some hips, they balloon out.	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress! it's great for business casual. it's also such a great color for the transition into fall.	Dresses
This is a cute casual dress that could be worn with flip flops or boots.	Dresses
This shirt is adorable but it's really just a cotton t-shirt. based on the picture online, i thought it would have more weight, be a more substantial fabric. again, it's adorable but not sure how long it will last.	Knits
I bought this dress on a whim. i am so glad i did! got it in black. it is stunning and comfortable	Dresses
Cute tee. it's a casual tee with some nice detailing that gives it some style. the fabric is a good thickness. not see-through thin but light enough for warm weather. the color should match pretty much anything. nice neckline. i think it runs slightly large. i hover between a small, extra small with tops and the xs fit nicely. i do have narrow shoulders, 32dd, so women with normal to wide shoulders might prefer their usual size. i don't expect people to gush over it with compliments but it it a	Knits
Dress is nice but can't be worn without tights or you are at a risk of indecently exposing yourself. it is around 30" in length so is more of a tunic than a dress. i'm only 5'1 and it was too short . can't imagine anyone taller even trying to wear this !	Dresses
It's hard to find a comfortable, attractive tee. this one is it for me. ordered a large. it skims perfectly over my back and lower half. no grabbing. sleeves are cut nicely for those of us who don't love their upper arms. the lacing adds nice detail and interest. it's soft and comfy. it's an unusual color that will go with almost any bottom. great now and under a jean jacket or cardigan as the weather cools.	Knits
Cute top, great for the inner maid marian fan. :) fun twist on t-shirt in regular size. also ordered the alexandria top in somewhat similar vein, but didn't care for that one at all. this one was cute and the fit is flattering. the other is boxy and boring to me. recommend this one.	Knits
Great dress, nicely structured, but the fabric is very thick and since it's lined, it's a very "warm" dress. not something you would wear in the spring, especially in the summer. ordered in petite, so hem length was perfect on me (i'm 5').	Dresses
Love this top--the material is very soft and though this isn't a thick tshirt, it holds its shape and supports the grommet detailing nicely. i'm 5'7", about 130, not busty, and got a small--fits great! the color is more of an off-rose/blush (has more of a brown tint than the photo shows).	Knits
I liked the colors and the design but it's kind of an odd fabric, no give at all and no drape. stiff and kind of structured feeling for a casual cardigan. the sleeves are extremely narrow and tight. i ordered a medium and it felt like a ace bandage squeezing my arms. my arms are normal sized. if you have exceptionally narrow arms, might work for you. sending it back.	Knits
I actually saw this dress on an associate and didn't like it. but as i was trying on other things, i saw my size hanging on a rack in the dressing room and thought - why not, just try it. glad i did! it is so flattering on and you can dress it up or down it's so versatile. i received so many compliments when i wore this, glad i gave it a try!	Dresses
I absolutely adore this dress! i was nervous to try it because i just had a baby, thinking that the waist tie looked potentially bulky/stiff based on the images. i am so glad i gave this a shot - it is actually one of the few dresses that i am comfortable wearing right now. the tie helps make me look like i have a waist, even though i don't right now, while covering up some of the leftover baby weight. i grabbed this is my usual size s (27 / 34b / 5'7"), and found it to fit perfectly, plus the t	Dresses
The print caught my eye. then i felt the breathable cotton fabric and had to try it on. i am only 5'2'' and have a small waist but sized 32dd bust with hips and have a hard time finding clothes that fit well.. this dress fit me perfectly! i have dressed it up and down and always get compliments. this dress was on the pricey side but has turned out to be worth every penny.	Dresses
Wow, i didn't think this dress would work on my curvy frame. i still have a baby belly and some dresses look like mumu's on me. this was so flattering, the waist cinches nicely and the length is just above the knee. i am 5.6" and 145lbs for reference. the weight its light/cottony and it looks great with flats and wedges. love it!	Dresses
My stylist brought me the regular xs to try on in the store and almost told me i should buy it... the length seemed just fine, but i usually get petite so decided to order the xs petite before deciding... good decision, there is less fabric in the skirt, so it seemed anyway, so i am less overwhelmed buy the skirt. the cut is super flattering, and length was actually better (the longer sides hit ,me around the knee). i wasn't sold on the dolor, as i have pale skin, but there is enough dark to com	Dresses
This dress is the absolute best. it is comfy, flattering, cute - pretty much the best dress ever. as a previous reviewer said, ti is a 3 - even 4 - season dress. throw it on with boots and a wool cardi in the winter and youre all set. i didnt even think twice about buying it. perfect length- a little longer in the back but not too short in the front (and i do not like short dresses/skirts). dont think about it... just buy.	Dresses
I really liked this dress. the tie defines the waist, and the skirt volume is flattering. one minor concern i had was the dress is a bit thin, although the skirt is lined. i think this will be a great summer in fall transition piece.	Dresses
So gorgeous! the details make this tank so special! the subtle sequin around the neckline are just enough to make this a dress-up or dress-down top. perfect with skinny jeans for an evening date night or a black cardigan for the office. the fabric is soft -- almost like a very light weight knit sweater, but so light that you can wear it for summer.	Knits
I haven't gotten a dress from retailer in a long time that i like as i do this one! this is the old retailer-quality, extras, and unique design! fits like it was made for me-tts, i am 5'5", 142 lbs and the 6 is perfection! no enlarged arm holes or funky fit...it has lining as well as a tu-tu slip underneath so you can create your own fullness in the skirt. it is very fitted at the bust and waist and will hide numerous flaws at the hips. this dress is spectacular so don't wait...press the button!!!!	Dresses
Saw online and had to have. got it home and i was swimming in it! i normally am a size l in most retailer brands, but this felt so large! the actual top is lovely, with an airy artistic quality to it. not sure if i will go back for the medium or not.	Knits
This dress is really beautiful and high quality. the pattern, color, and fabric are great. the fit is flattering (i'm hourglass to pear shaped) and the size perfect for me in petite. please keep offering high quality clothes in petite sizes by higher end designers.	Dresses
Was hopeful this might work on my petite pear shape (i am 5', probably 135-140lb; one to two sizes larger on the bottom) when i first saw online so went to store to give the regular size a trial run before ordering the petite size online. you can never tell with these flare dresses - some just make the hips look so much worse and haven't had a lot of luck with casual retailer flare dresses this season. first tried on the medium and fell in love instantly - was looking a little big but thought orde	Dresses
I walked right by this dress until an associate of mine asked me to try it on. i am so glad she did. this dress is far more flattering on me then i expected and it has pockets! after assessing it further, i decided i liked the material it is lined and will not make you look like a wrinkled up paper bag after sitting down. i bought a small, i compared the medium and both would work on my frame because of the tie waist. i am 5ft 3" 137 lbs 36b chest and i have a proportionate athletic figure. for	Dresses
My new favorite! i wouldn't have thought twice about this dress handling on a rack in store, but after seeing so many cute pics of ladies in this dress, i caved. i needed a petite, so ordered a sp and xsp. the length on both is perfect. i'm 5'0" and both hit above my knee in front and hit at in back and on sides. i didn't try on a regular in store, but based on the sp/xsp, i'm pretty sure there'd be too much material for a petite frame. the xsp is cut slimmer and if i had a tiny waist, i'd proba	Dresses
I just bought this dress in the store and i love it. i'm in my 50s and it does every thing i need a dress to do. it has sleeves, it's modest enough and shows my shape. the colors are great and go with most shoes. i'm heading to italy soon and this one will see me through many museums and churches. great buy!	Dresses
This dress is elegant and really lovely. it looks like a throwback to the 20s and 30s. it drapes nicely and i think it would be flattering on most body types. and this is why i am recommending it. but be warned: it runs large.the problem with the dress is that the slip might as well not be there at all--it is completely sheer. for example, i have a couple tattoos and you can see them right through the fabric, which is not the look i'm going for. this might be a deal breaker for some. for me, i	Dresses
This dress is an absolute win. i was won over on the hanger by the linen fabric's lightweight nature, and then i tried it on. such a good fit for my high waist, and the tie was super flattering. i love this with booties as i was wearing today, but think it will be adorable with espadrilles as well for a more summery look. it's also the rare three season dress, with its cut and coloring working most of the year. for sizing, i'd say it's true to size. i got my regular size s with no trouble with	Dresses
I didn't realize that there were sequins on the design. they kept poking my shoulders and made the top very uncomfortable. the white material was also not very flattering on me. it went back.	Knits
It's easy to miss the fine details that make this top special.the fabric inset around the collar & front placket is an abstract blossoming spring branch print overlaid with 3d decorative embroidery and clear sequins & is trimmed with a delicate lace. the sequins are eye-catching in a very subtle, shimmery way.beautiful under a sweater, love the top's double layer look, fits tts, not too sheer. you might have to wear a strapless bra or do without one altogether because of the neckline and	Knits
I too was immediately drawn to this dress online and was this close to ordering a petite when i stopped my my local retailer and they had just gotten it in, in regular only. of course i tried it on (in the xs regular) and was thrilled to find it fit perfectly and was so flattering on my hourglass figure. i'm 5'1" and 115 with a 32 dd chest. no gaping or pulling, the waist and shoulders were where they should be and i found the length, with the hi/lo hem to be just above my knees in front. i think	Dresses
I loved the look of this top when i saw it online, however, when i received it i was kinda disappointed. the color of the top was different than what i perceived initially. .it's way more off white. ..not my favorite. the texture/pattern of fabric on the body of the top was too near hanky for me. the sequin detail at neckline is wonderful, but not enough for me to keep. unfortunately i will be returning this one. not a hit for my desired as the tic but some one else might love!	Knits
I loved this dress the moment i first saw it! i have another dress from this brand that i've had for a couple years and wear it all the time plus i love the tie waist detail. however after trying this dress in both a size medium (my typical size) and a small, i've given up. it does not look good on me and i think thats because i am a 34b, there is room in the chest even in the size small. so would look really good on a curvy girl! i'm 5'5" ordered regular size and it came to just above my knees.	Dresses
I agree with all the positive reviews about the look, fit and comfort of this dress. definitely a four season dress. for winter i plan on wearing wool tights, wool coat and boots and keeping the waist untied. for me both the medium petite & regular looked good just a bit tight in the shoulders, since that's how my body is built. i'm keeping the regular hem version. my stats for fit reference: 5'3" 140# 36dd, meaty arms/shoulders/back, small hips, no waist/bum.	Dresses
I was excited to try this dress on in person and so glad i did. it's actually really cute. the material is soft and super comfortable. the dress hits just above the knee and the tie in the front accentuates your waist. i was pleasantly surprised at how cute it really is. i'm excited to wear this to work! worth the price.	Dresses
I am 5'1" and curvy, and purchased this dress in medium petite, and it fits to perfection! i love how light & breezy it is for those hot & muggy summer days. the tie front makes this style very flattering for all body types, and the skirt is lined so it is not see-through! plus, the pockets. this dress is a winner.	Dresses
I love this dress! great fit and quality. love that the skirt is lined. this is a real throw on and go piece. i've worn it with wedges and with espadrille sneakers. my only complaint is that the sturdy material makes it difficult to get the tie waist to lay down flat. but overall an amazing dress!	Dresses
I love this dress! the colors work well with my olive skin color, it has pockets and it has a hi-lo front/back.i have slim hips so the tie waist is very flattering which gives an hourglass figure.i am 5?2?, 116 lbs and a 32d.i usually need a petite size because retailer dresses run a little long on me. but i was able to get away with getting an xs regular because of the hi-lo length. it fell perfectly above my knee.	Dresses
I fell in love with this piece when i saw it in store a few months ago. when there was 25% off dresses, i decided to pull the trigger and ordered it online. since i didn't try it on back then, i ordered my usual petite size 10, but found it to be too big. it's too bad i had to return it because it's a beautifully designed dress. i like the neckline, rouching on the side of the bodice, the lining and slim silhouette. the dress is very stretchy. i found that i could take big strides comfortably in	Dresses
Beautiful print. agree with other reviewers that the small snap at the bust is inadequate for anyone with a d or greater bust size. the dress was a perfect length on me with heels - even after i kicked off my heels i didn't find it too long like other reviewers. wind does open op the front so i may get it altered so it's no longer a true wrap dress	Dresses
This dress fits perfectly and true to size. the waist detail and flair is fun and flirty. it's probably my favorite dress i've ever bought.	Dresses
Love the style and fit. great buy! my legs aren't as long as the models however so it falls a bit lower on the knees.	Dresses
I bought the petite and my only wish, oddly enough, is that the length at the bottom was 3 inches longer! as a petite, this dress his just before the knee and should be mid calf as shown in the picture. however, the design is exceptional and i will wear this all year from sandals to ballet flats to boots.	Dresses
This dress is even more amazing in person. the beading and embroidery are quite intricate and add a touch of elegance. the kimono like sleeves have the same details - especially nice for toasting!be aware that the dress is not mid calf but just below the knee- a surprise but still quite lovely. the lines of the dress and exceptional detailing should make this dress a timeless classic. i look forward to wearing it to many occasions when a lbd would be just too expected!	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress with gorgeous details but it is not as long as it appears in the photo. i am 5'9"and ordered an xl. the dress comes just below my knees.	Dresses
I expected this dress to be a much better fit and quality overall--the size small fit me fine--i'm about 140 and small in the chest, but the zipper was incredibly cheap and the dress could've draped in a more attractive way. if this dress could be in cotton and given more consideration to the fit and drape, it'd be worth it, but it's going back.	Dresses
Absolutely stunning dress. true to size and flows like a dream.	Dresses
This dress is very well made and the fabric hangs beautifully. i weigh 125 and usually wear a small but sized up to medium for a longer sleeve and hem. the print, fabric and style make it appropriate for daytime or evening. it should transition nicely to fall and will look great with boots.	Dresses
I have gotten constant compliments on this dress and it is very flattering. i normally wear a large or a size 12 and i had to order this in an xl. i am big busted so that makes the difference.this could be so easily dressed up but easily made casual with a denim jacket or sweater.one of my favorite fall purchases.	Dresses
Cute to wear with leggings. i like that it's easy to just throw on. it's fitted at the top and easy to chase kids around but doesn't look too momish or sloppy.	Knits
Great shirt! i am a tshirt wearing girl so i like to have a lot of different styles. this is more than a tshirt- great style and thicker than expected. great fit, overall love it	Knits
Buy this dress! you won't be disappointed. it's lovely and can be worn in the summer and easily transition to fall or even winter with opaque tights, tall boots, and a denim jacket. the neckline is unique and stunning - demure yet sexy - something that can easily be worn during the 9-5 work day or into the evening. i bought my regular size m and it hits just about my knees. i don't think this dress runs small at all.	Dresses
For reference i am 5'5" and 118 lbs. the small fits nicely. the style is flattering. i have a big rib age, so as with many back zip styles that area is a bit tight when i sit down. not too bad though. ican wear it to work and out for a date both. colors are a bit subdued but i will enhance the pink or blue floral tones with a sweater, jacket and jewelry.	Dresses
Cute but not sure it's worth the price point. i might reach for it in sale, and while it was cute on, i just don't spend that much on a daytime casual dress. i'm sure you could dress it up with heels or something but there's something about this dress that screams casual daytime. still very pretty and flattering! i loved the neckline and detailing there	Dresses
Tried this dress on in a s and it fit very nicely. it's a very unique dress and i loved it, but i just didn't know where i would wear it!	Dresses
This dress is true to size, it looks sexy on the model but much more modest in person. great for work!	Dresses
I worse this dress to a rehersal dinner and received so many compliments. it was a perfect summer dress.. the colors are true to the picture and beautifil. it is also very well made, comfortable and flattering. i am 5'3' and 130 lbs and i ordered a medium petitte which fit great. it was short but not too short! it will be a go-to dress!	Dresses
I was walking to the fitting room and i saw two of this dress on a rack- an xs and small. i could tell by looking at it that it runs small, so i grabbed a small to try on. i didn't want to love this dress (it's expensive), but i did. it is so pretty and flattering. i wish it were an inch or two longer, but it's ok. with tights in the fall will be fine. not sure i would wear this to work, as i am a teacher and it is too short for me. it definitely runs small. i am between a 2 and a 4, so i took t	Dresses
It's a cute idea, but it's so low cut and the material is very thin. i was hoping to wear it as a cool, flowing summer top, but i'll have to layer it since my whole bra basically hangs out of it. i'm only keeping it because it was such a good price. also the buttons are super tiny and a little hard to fasten.	Knits
I ordered the stress in an xl. i usually wear a size 12 in most retailer clothes. the pattern and the flow of the dress is very beautiful but it runs extremely small. also, i felt that i was choking. it is better suited for thin women.	Dresses
I would give it a 3.5 if half star possible. like other reviews said, the material is a little cheap and back zip got stuck when i tried to unzip it before trying it on. overall, nice color and flattering look that could be dress up or down. i am 5'8", 155lbs, 36b and m is a little snug for me on the top.	Dresses
I highly recommend this dress! it is super flattering and i got so many compliments. it fits like a glove and honestly made me look 10 lbs thinner. very romantic and has great movement. the length is perfect, since the top is quite modest, it's nice that it's on the shorter side - makes it a little flirty! i wasn't sure of the pattern at first, but it fit so perfectly that i overlooked it and bought it anyway. by the end of the night i was in love with the pattern. it really stood out and i can'	Dresses
This dress is very lightweight and great for fall/spring weddings. i received several compliments all night! sits very nice on the waist as well!	Dresses
Love this dress. had to exchange it because it runs a little small. i got the right size and it is beautiful.	Dresses
This very unique dress is exquisite and so versatile ? suitable for daytime or evening, and will look great with a cardigan and tights for year-round wear. it fits perfectly and seems true to size to me ? i?m 5?2?, about 112 pounds, and got an xs. the description says the dress can be machine washed, but with the delicate trim around the neckline, i plan to hand-wash it carefully. so happy with this purchase!	Dresses
As a beach cover-up this would be great, but i'm surprised retailer calls this a dress and doesn't show on the model how thin it is. it's pretty sheer and i couldn't get away without layering it.	Knits
Ordered online, just received this vest, so disappointed! love the garment but it is way too small. i wear a medium in most clothing and size 6 in a dress, but the medium in this vest isn't just snug it is definitely too small, even worn alone, i can't button it. i am now ordering the large and keeping my fingers crossed as i want to wear a tee under it. hoping i won't need to return both the m and the l, thinking of ordering an xl.	Knits
Love the lace back panel, unique design. would not call this blue....definitely more of a grey color, but it is pretty! got size small and it fit well. 5'6" 140 lbs.	Knits
I looked at the other reviews before purchasing and this is the one time it didn't work out for me. a lot of people said to size up, so i ordered a medium and it was far too big on me. i reordered my regular small and it's perfect. it's shorter, obviously, but not so short that it is unwearable. i can't wait to wear this out!	Dresses
I do like the shape of this piece. it is eye catching due to the length and flattering. however, if you are chesty, this piece shows off more than i was comfy with, and i don't think i've ever had that problem with retailer. in the body, i needed an xs or i would be swimming in it. but up top, the xs showed much too much cleavage. (34d, 5', 115). i'm still keeping it but i have to watch where i wear this.	Knits
Just fab. great length, great pattern, flattering fit, and even pockets!!	Dresses
This velvet t-shirt is perfect for the holidays! i usually wear a size 12 top, or a l, but i ordered up and got a size xl. it is very tight around my chest (36c) and armpits, and the v-neck sometimes spreads apart a lot if i move my arms around a lot. but other than that, it looks great, just runs small. if you are a size 14 or larger, i don't think that this will fit.	Knits
I love retailer clothes, but i've often ordered shirts in an xs that i really needed an xs petite in because of the length and fit through the bust, but they didn't have any petites in the size i needed. i'm at 5'1", 114 pounds. i got this shirt in xs (not petite) and am thrilled with the fit. the material is formfitting enough to look like a petite, and it doesn't drop below my waist line. i'm thrilled with my purchase!	Knits
Agree with other poster. this shirt runs very big. i'm all for a flowy, shirt that hides my belly but this is just a tent. i'll be retuning it.	Knits
This top is very soft and well made. for my short and curvy figure, it is very unflattering. i considered altering it, but there is no way to do it. it gapes in the front and if you have a waist at all, it won't show because this top is boxy and full in that area. if you are tall and slim, it might be perfect, so give it a try.	Knits
This floral tank looks so cute on. the layered cut is very flattering and i've received several compliments while wearing it. adorable	Knits
I ordered this in size xl. the fit is true to size. it fits me as it does on the model. the draping is very flattering. i'm a pear-shape and this shape works well. it definitely needs a tank underneath. you could sew a bit of the top to keep it closed. otherwise, everything can show. i like using different colored tanks to pull out the colors in the pattern.the quality of the material is outstanding. the print looks so much prettier in person. it's very vibrant. the photos online, at least on	Knits
This is theoretically a great summer top addition to your wardrobe. i love the floral print - it's bold and lively primary colors on a black background. i'm usually a size small in retailer tops and neither the small nor the medium fit me very well. the small was a bit too fitted everywhere and strangely, the medium gapes at the front when i'm sitting but not standing (i'm 34b otherwise height-weight proportionate with broad shoulders). another reviewer mentioned a design flaw - the floral print i	Knits
I purchased the dusty rose. i thought the picture represented the color accurately. the shirt material had a nice thickness and drape. it felt very luxurious. the opening in the front is cut a little low but workable.in the end i am disappointed in the care information provided by the site. it listed the garment as machine washable but the care label in the garment states it is dry clean only. i would not have purchased it if i would have know that. i am going to have to return it for this rea	Knits
I normally wear a large to medium but due to other reviews i ordered a med and could've worn a small. i still love it and i'm so glad i ordered.	Knits
Super flattering fit. i am generally a large, large, and the medium of this shirt fit really well. the drape of the fabric was very forgiving of my tummy. great look. also my 1 year old son loves the colors and flowers!	Knits
This top is so fun, but more importantly, it is sooooo soft and comfortable!!	Knits
I'm a sucker for anything in rich velvet tones and fabric :) the retailer i visited only had the dark blue top._____________it is tts and hangs nicely on the body, even for gals with longer backs. there was no issue of see-through with the blue (hopefully the pink is the same) due to the dark color and thicker material. the sides are a tad see-through, but only at the cap sleeves! the rest is well lined.my only complaint is the v-cut at the chest; it's entirely too low for my liking. every t	Knits
This top is amazing. it's a little stretchy but doesn't cling and it's surprisingly flattering on my curvy figure. i have a large chest and the shirt fits perfectly with or without a cami underneath. the material is very soft and the print is vibrant and fun. the shirt does run a little large. the only slight issue i have is that it is a little shorter than i usually like on my long torso. other than that, it's pretty much perfect.	Knits
Great print and material, but this top runs large. i'm 36c and usually wear l in most lines retailer carries, but this was just big. i reordered in a medium.	Knits
Usually i really like deletta and know the sizing and shapes. this top looked pretty in the pics and i thought it would be a nice change from a tee. it was baggy, hung low and the layers just looked boxy and shapeless.	Knits
Very soft material, probably will pill quickly but it is super comfortable. it is also very low cut; it works perfectly for me for breastfeeding because each of the front panels can be easily pulled to the side. a cami underneath is required, the model definitely isn't wearing a bra. i'll be wearing a nursing tank under this. definitely a good print for summer.	Knits
This shirt is so soft and lovely, i will be wearing it a lot...after i make one little adjustment. i don't mind some cleavage, but the bottom of the slit in the middle of this shirt goes all the way down to my bra and i feel like i'm showing a lot of side boob...inner side boob?...cleavage? i don't know what the word is, but it definitely feels out of place in a professional setting. however, i'm going to sew a hook and eye onto the top of the slit so i can close it and it will be more like a ke	Knits
This dress has a nice flow and it is simple but versatile. you can pair it with a jacket or cardigan for the winter and use it year round. however it runs one size large.	Dresses
I love this top. the wine color is beautiful, the fabric is soft, the details are pretty, and it fits perfectly. it is long, and will likely look best with leggings or skinny pants and boots.	Knits
I tried on the blue floral dress in the spring but found it too large on top. i liked the new red motif dress and sized down to a medium which fits much better.	Dresses
This blouse is an all season winner.i bought the taupe and can wear it with or without a cami, under a sweater. alone, with skirts, pants, jeans. i am 5'7, 135# and a medium was perfect although i normally wear a small.	Knits
I ordered the floral blue dress. i am a size 8-10 and ordered the medium. it did not find that it was large on top as others had mention. i love the smoking but would also look great with a belt and boots. it makes a great all weather dress.	Dresses
This dress is just lovely--i love the pattern and the cut, and it's very comfortable to wear. i like it because i can wear it just about anywhere, and it's appropriate. you can dress it up or down. i get lots of compliments when i wear it!	Dresses
I have this in the beautiful spring green/pink combo and i this gorgeous blue/maroon tapestry combo, which is prefect for fall. unfortunately, i bought the green in s and it's still pretty big in the bust area, but they sold out of xs. i was able to get the blue in xs and it fits perfectly. i usually order m	Dresses
Nice fitting, pretty and feminine. looks great with skinny jeans/leggings and boots. good in spring, fall and winter!	Knits
This dress is just too baggy overall. i am 5'6" 140 lbs and a size small was so unflattering. i can't go down in size because the waist detail will get too high on me. it was already a little high on the small.	Dresses
I ordered this top in red based on one of the reviews. it is more like marroon. i am very disappointed. the top itself is plain cotton and not that great quality. it is long and has the belt at the back, but the fit and quality overall are very plain. it looks a tad dowdy. i am still keeping it because i got it on sale and i can wear it at home with lounge leggings. but it is definitely not dressy. perhaps white may not look as bad. the plain design and marroon dull color don't help.	Knits
I see me wearing this dress with more of an edgey look - not going for romantic. smoky eye, skinny dark jeans under it and pumps. swings further from body than i thought.i'm 5'7", wear a 34b and am typically a size 2. that's the size i bought. fits well and while pretty, it's made with heft ... not overly delicate - can't see this snagging. it's more of a cotton lace which is why it looks cool with skinny jeans. detail at the neck gives it more interest.	Dresses
I saw this one for the first time today in-store and was not impressed. it is a lacey material with an under-layer, so with a different cut other than a swing dress i would have fallen in love and it would have been absolutely gorgeous. unfortunately, i did not like the swing dress cut, especially not in white. i wasn't sure if the designer was going for a throw back to the 70s or a shortened version of my grandmother's wedding gown, but either way it was not working for me. to be fair, swing dr	Dresses
I'm pregnant (2nd trimester) and really wanted a beautiful, non-maternity dress. i got this in ivory and it's just perfect. the lace on the sleeves is really comfortable, i love the fit, and i love the length. i got tons of compliments on it. my only regret is that i didn't also get it in slate and i really wishing it would get re-stocked.	Dresses
I don't normally write reviews, but i purchased this dress in white in 3 different sizes and each dress had the same flaw. the hems were very uneven on all three. this dress was poorly sewn. it's a shame because it looked awesome online. i was very disappointed!!!!!	Dresses
I walked into retailer today to buy 2 dishes for a registry. $$$ later i walked out with this dress (and another, ugh). it is so beautiful in person. it ever-so-slightly flares out and it definitely has that 70s feel. i got it in white and plan on wearing it for my rehearsal dinner with tan platforms and a flower crown. for reference: 5'7/got some hips and thighs/148lbs - and i got a medium. would have gotten the small but it was slightly shorter.	Dresses
Love this dress! fits tts. great fitted slip underneath beautiful lace design. i'm 5'6" the dress (size small), hits right above my knees. very versatile dress, may be dressed up or down depending on shoes	Dresses
I saw this dress in our store and immediately walked over to check it out. it is quite a stunning piece. i purchased it without trying it on and wished i would have. unfortunately, there is entirely too much material in the bodice. it was overwhelming on me. for reference i am 5 "3 and i do wear an xs but i am muscular and not thin. i think it would work well on somebody taller or leggier who could balance out the amount of material in the dress.	Dresses
I immediately purchased this dress when it came into store. at 5'7" it hits enough above the knee to be flirty, but still not too short and is appropriate for me to wear to work. sleeves are fitted which helps to balance the trapeze fit. i'm just concerned with keeping the lace in good condition, but overall i love the dress.	Dresses
I have this dress in white and i have worn it twice for completely different events. i wore it with red heels for a dressy look and then with boots and a jean jacket for a more casual look. i am only 5'4'' and it hit above my knees. it's a soft white that is appropriate for winter wear. love it!	Dresses
Fits perfect.	Dresses
Where i live it's warm enough to wear this dress with tights through the winter. the dress is super comfortable with a unique shape. only downside, the arms and chest run pretty small so if you usually have a hard time fitting sleeves, try a size up.	Dresses
Love this dress!!! i agree with the other reviewers, i had to size up one size, but then it was perfect. i'm 5'5, 125 lbs. and the size 6 worked great.	Dresses
If you are shaped anything like me, you will have to size up quite a bit on this one. i tried it on in my normal size and probably needed to size up 2 or more sizes to get the proper fit. the fabric has no "give" and feels a little cheap in my opinion. for your reference, i am a curvy, athletic build with broad shoulders.	Dresses
This top could've been one of my favorites ever. i ordered the rose option and was planning on ordering another color. the fabric is super thin but i was able to wear w/o an extra tank. unfortunately after 2 wears, several small holes appeared around the neck/under the ruffle. i washed this top on hand wash cycle and hung to dry. when i came to read the reviews, i noticed i wasn't the only customer with this issue.	Knits
I love this top- it's loose and flowy, yet flattering, and the colors are fun. the armholes are cut a little low, so a cami is necessary. after one wash and lay flat dry, the wrinkling is substantial. hope i can steam it back to its normal shape.	Knits
I bought this top for my daughter and it looks beautiful. it's a pretty jade green color and has a nice flow to it. the back is very flattering as well.	Knits
I had originally bought this top in one of your stores and loved it!!! got sooo many compliments!!! while reading my e-mail one night, i saw it on sale!! of course i would have bought it anyway!!! now i have 2 of my favorite tops!!!	Knits
I ordered this top in rose. (the color is actually more of a cream with navy and yellow stripes but i could tell that from the photo when i was ordering). the fit is true to size and the cut is very flattering. excited to add this gem to my summer wardrobe!	Knits
I ordered the blue dress because i loved the color and unique design. the blue was much more of a dark navy, not a sapphire blue as it looks in the picture. the picture also shows it tying on the side. it did not tie on the side when i tried it on but in the front as pictured in the red version of the dress. it was not at all flattering on me. one of the few disappointing things i have ordered from retailer.	Dresses
The design is cute, but there is way too much fabric in the lower part of the shirt. also, the fabric for the lower part crumples easily. unless you carry around an iron, you may not want to wear it outside the house. i kept the shirt to wear around the house.	Knits
My only reservation is that i wish the tail wasn't so much longer than the front. i returned it reluctantly because i needed something just a little dressier for the occasion.	Dresses
This is a very nice, flattering thing which can be worn as a dress or a shirt. therefore decided tiokeep it.	Dresses
The back of this top is nice but it is very flowy. i ordered a small (32dd, normally a 4/6 in retailer tops) -- a smaller size would fit better but is not available. overall nice, but wish it came in a smaller size.	Knits
Very soft material, length is great, a little more loose than i would have liked.	Knits
This shirt is versatile for work and fun. my sister has this shirt and thought it was so cute, i ordered it too.	Knits
Im short (5'2'') so it's a little long on me! but it's super cute and i love it!!	Knits
I love the neckline with the pleated ruffles and tie. it's graceful and distinctive yet still understated.	Knits
Love my new wardrobe addition. fits perfect and goes with everything	Knits
This was another unusual choice for a larger busted woman like myself, but i couldn't say no to that sweet little back detail. i'll attack the waist with a cropped jacket. for those looking to add volume or flowy fabric, you've found your answer and then some!	Knits
The green color was beautiful but the top was too low cut and looked more maternity than boho.	Knits
This dress is adorable. thanks to everyone who commented that the dress runs small as that's definitely true. i ended up ordering up two sizes and got a perfect fit. i was afraid the wrapped skirt might emphasize the hips too much, but that isn't the case. it adds a bit of quirky style and makes this different from the usual shirt dress. it's great with booties or chunky wedges.	Dresses
I wanted to love this shirt and thought i would based on the reviews. it runs really large however and while i love how flows it is i also looked pregnant. i am keeping though- looks nice layered under a jacket or sweater but alone i feel it looked sloppy and big....... which is sometimes just what you want so it is staying in my closet.	Knits
This dress is effortlessly chic. i wore it with black tights and booties and it was perfection. will definitely be a casual staple year around.	Dresses
Runs big, but the fabric is nice and comfortable. i had to return first order and order the next size up. it is short in the front but a nice length in the back. it will be a great dress for fall and the color is unique, more brownish orange than red. it will look great with boots!	Dresses
Cute design and interesting back feature. runs a little big and is comfortable and flowy.	Knits
This is absolutely a 1-season top. the material is very thin and flowy, with the front v plunging pretty dramatically. i'm using mine as a swim cover, and i'm thrilled to report the mottled pattern on the cotton hides perspiration(!)the first time i wore this top, i paired it with denim shorts, and the hemline completely covered the shorts, so it was way more of a mini-dress than a long shirt--which is ok. if i wear it again as a top rather than a swim cover, i'd just go with yoga shorts benea	Knits
After reading all the reviews i thought i would have to size up. went into my local retailer and found this dress in a size 4 burnt orange color (last one in stock). it was still marked $79 so i think thats why it was still there.. i crossed my fingers and tried it on, it fit perfect! not to short or tight in the upper sleeve. i'm 5'4" so maybe that's why the lenght was fine on me. if you can find this in your local store try it on. it's really cute and comfortable. i also have the front lace up j	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. i saw it in the catalog in blue, and wanted it. however, for some reason i took my sweet time in ordering it, and by the time i did, only the orange was available: but on sale. i was so excited when it arrived, and as i was trying it on, i thought, this is a bit shorter in the skirt than i usually go but it's so pretty... and then i couldn't get my right arm in the sleeve at all. i wondered if i had caught some of the lining as i was putting it on or something, but n	Dresses
I love the idea of this top, but wish there wasn't so much fabric. i am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.	Knits
I love the look of this dress and the material - the problem is that when i tried it on the fit was a bit off. it seems that the arm holes hung down way too much and pulled the dress so it is uncomfortable to wear. i don't think i could have gone down or up a size to make this dress work. it is a shame because i really liked the look of it.	Dresses
I love this top! it falls in a romantic and easy way. it's very flattering and looks great. i just had a baby two weeks ago so it hides my insecurities and post baby bump. i had many compliments and felt so comfortable, so ordered it in the green color. i wish there were more!!	Knits
Bought this shirt on sale. it was super cute in the dressing room, and for the first time i wore it. washed it per the instructions (wash delicate with cold water, lay flat to dry) and it shrunk so much i don't think i'm going to be able to wear it anymore. it was oversized and loose when i bought it, so it shrunk a lot. there is also a small hole all of the sudden, that i have no idea where it came from (wasn't there when i put it in the washer). very disappointed.	Knits
Great too. love it's flow. dolan is a great brand. however it's definitely large and baggy which is fine just know it's not tight. i'm 5' 10" and 135 and ordered a s.	Knits
I ordered the green top in store after trying on a medium that was huge. the small fits me well and i love the flowy style and softness of the fabric. i like it with skinny capri jeans and the color will transition well into fall. i'm in florida where it is still very hot in october. if you typically wear either a small or medium, order the small in this top.	Knits
As much as i wanted to love this top, it was too flowy and and i felt like i looked bigger than i am (i'm a size 6). maybe a smaller size would have made a big difference.	Knits
Just picked this up at my retailer and i just love it. its totally different than your typical tee. the bottom is more of a blousy silk material and the top is a super soft knit. it lays really well and is long enough to wear with leggings! my favorite part is the t strap in the back. such a beautiful detail and so much fun. my only criticism with this top is where it hits on the bust. im a little more full figured, so the top looks better on me when the silk part isn't under my boobs. kinda have	Knits
I likded this but tried it in two sizes and it was still too big in the armpit. my bra showed. i am about a d cup, smallish in other proportions (125, 5'6") and no bra worked with this so that i wouldn't have to worry about my bra showing. nice fabric and drape. maybe good for someone who doesn't need a bra?	Knits
So much cuter than the picture. i bought a m and i'm a 34c i thought it was comfy n flattering	Knits
Comfortable & the color was great. just as it looks in the picture. nice design	Knits
Very pretty top. the fabric is wonderful! i enjoy the movement and the style. only downside is that it is cut a little low for me. but it does look great and the fit is, otherwise, perfect	Knits
It's a fine dress, but it definitely runs small, and it's actually a lot shorter than i was expecting, especially since i'm only 5' 3"	Dresses
This too is great to throw on when running to class or going out. love the two different materials and the back detail.	Knits
I am petite with somewhat broad shoulders. iusually wear 2 or 2p dresses. i ordered a 2 and it was tight in the shoulders & hip. otherwise this is a cute dress, looks better on the person than in pictures. the tie is an interesting twist on an otherwse basic shirtdress. the fabric drapes nicely on the body, i reordered dress in a 4. inever wear size4. hopefully it's not too big or long.	Dresses
This was so large on me that it looked awful. huge armholes and a baggy mess. material was nice and i loved the design. not sure a smaller size would even help.	Knits
When i first saw this in the store, i loved the idea of this shirtdress with a twist. i tried it on in my usual size 4 but could not get it over my 32d bust. i wrote it off and moved on. back in the store shopping for a party dress, i saw this was now on sale. although not right for the party, i decided to try it in a bigger size. a size 6 was not available but a size 8 was. perfection! if you are willing to size up, you will be rewarded with a comfortable, versatile dress that can be super casu	Dresses
First, the product arrived in a very small bag that made for many, many wrinkles - almost impossible to determine what it might look like. shame on retailer for sending their items in this manner. secondly, i don't know how individuals wear this with a bra. the back is cut so low that my bra back band partially showed - not my idea of a good look. third, the front necessitated a cami, and there is no way a cami can be worn due to how it is cut in the back. returning now, and i just received it.	Knits
I am super happy with this purchase. this top is so soft with a nice amount of flow. i'm wearing it with a bolero sweater over it, making it wearable in the fall and in cooler weather. i also purchased this top in the gray/green shade and it lovely as well.	Knits
I bought this in store without trying it on. bought my typical size xs. the armholes are cut very low, as is the front neckline. it has an overall slightly slouchy fit. i definitely could not wear this to work without a camisole underneath. otherwise, i really like the style, and the black and white striped color way will go with alot.	Knits
Love this top! the fit is so comfortable, and it flows beautifully when you walk. the added bonus is the flirty open back, cross strap design to make even your exit an attention grabber. pairs great with some jean leggings and wedge heels. loved it so much i went back and ordered another color.	Knits
This is my favorite kind of dress: comfortable, unique, and can dress up or down. i am 5'2 and 100 lb, and bought the regular 0 because there were no petites available. it fit perfectly! the material is buttery soft and looks like it will hold up well, and i love the orange-red color. the tie detail makes this dress stand out and i find the cut very flattering. so glad i ordered it!!	Dresses
I first saw this top earlier in the year. i watched for it to go on sale and it finally did over the labor day holiday + 40% off. i was very happy about that. it runs a tiny bit big. i got the s. i wonder if the xs would have been better but i kept the small because of the price and how cute it looked on. it looks gray online but it is more greenish gray. it has a cute back detail, too. it looks cute with jeans and gray pants. it is just cute and different than most of my other tops.	Knits
Thank goodness i looked at everyone's reviews beforehand because i ordered a size up (4) and it fits perfectly. i am usually a size 2 but can definitely tell it wouldn't have fit correctly had i ordered a 2. the orange color works well for either a fall dress with leggins or a spring dress by itself. i love it!	Dresses
Love the top. love the color. love the back detail. as a larger chested woman, the shape was lost a bit. but i just couldn't resist.	Knits
Usually retailer's designs run small for me, but this large fits great. super comfortable, long enough to wear with leggings. love the back cutout design and fabric choice. depending on bust size, it may seem to sit funny, but it's not meant to be a true baby doll design that sits under the bust. mine looks great :-)	Knits
This top is very cute. the fit is great and the material is very comfortable. i am a 5'7, 135 lbs and wear a 36d and the medium fit great!	Knits
This shirt was very cute. i ordered it as something to be able to wear to class with leggings and it is perfect. the colors are great and the length is very nice. it will be a nice piece to layer with a jacket for the the fall.	Knits
I love the style and the flow of this shirt. definitely worth the purchase and very flattering!	Knits
Exactly what i needed post pregnancy. this top is very comfortable with a drape that hides my tummy. the back hits that perfect spot where it looks great, but still hides a normal bra.	Knits
This is an adorable top. i had to have it in both colors. it has a unique shape to it, and the simple details give it so much appeal. the beautiful fall like colors can be layered easily into the cooler weather of the season.	Knits
I saw this top and immediately knew it was for me! i love it. and i disagree on it being one season too, i could see making this work all year, for sure. i love the green/gray color and it flows so beautifully, it's perfect! the back wasn't a problem for me, when wearing a normal bra i couldn't see my bra, maybe if this is a problem your bra is up too high on your back, i'm very petite and didn't have a problem with it. i bought a small, could have possibly used a xs but they didn't have it, but	Knits
Beautiful design and perfect for warm days. it has a lovely open back with the perfect amount of loose fitting flow.	Knits
I loved everything about this dress. the fit, the style and the ability to wear in the fall. i wore it once, washed it in gentle/hand-wash cycle, in cold water and laid it out flat to dry- per the instructions- and it shrank at least a full size. it's going back. i am so sad, as i said earlier, i really loved this dress.	Dresses
I bought this dress online to wear to work and i did not expect anything too impressive based on the picture of the model. i am really surprised at how beautiful, well-fitting, and soft this dress is. i am in love. it fits snugly, but the fabric is so thick that it is still very office appropriate (i work at a law firm). i ordered the small petite and it comes to the top of my knees.	Dresses
The fabric, colors and concept are fabulous but the pleating is overdone is it looks huge not swingy!i am 5' 9" and 135lbs. and even an x-small was too billowy to be cute. too bad- it's otherwise so great!	Dresses
Beautiful dress. lots of compliments. will transition well from summer to fall.	Dresses
When i tried it on, it was a bit shapeless, but it was on a promo so i decided to get it. i kind off like shapeless. i've worn it three times and washed it gently in the machine as recommended (in a lingerie bag, always) and air dried it. it now has a huge rip on the sleeve seam, and i cannot see how this happened. the inner lining is soft and substantial but the outer gauze layer is thin.	Dresses
As other reviewers mentioned, this sweater is truly nice in person. i love the different patterns from the fabric. the cut is also flattering, not boxy. the collar on me turend the other way around (dark showing), and it also looked nice. i wasn't planning on buying anything, but it was thanskgiving weekend, with, you know, discount :-# not regretting it...i will wear it many ways: jeans and tshirt for weekends #if i get out of my workout clothes#, but also could be worn over a nice black blou	Knits
I tried on the refgular xs and it fit, btu the cut was wring on me, i moved up the dress as though it was cut "petite" and what a difference! i will ahve to roder the petite for sure.te material is a thicker knit, very strectchy and warm enough to carry the dress through winter and spring.the shoulders are well covered, in a flattering way. the chest area is crossed over "open", not stiched close, so yo ucan adjsut as needed. te "tie" jsut falls but is attached to the dress on one side, so it	Dresses
Review title says almost all. add to that that it is age appropriate, unlike other kedia dresses, for the very young. just too cute for words. i have all of the other tk peasant dresses and although youthful they are appropriate for anyone young of heart. this however, on an older woman, looks ridiculous. i would have liked it for those 9 months but even then it would cover quadruplets!	Dresses
I was really excited when i ordered this dress for na upcoming beach vacation but was very disappointed when i finally saw it in person. it reminded me of those christmas nightgowns from the 90s with the red and white ruffles. pass!	Dresses
I loved this jacket the minute i saw it. saturday sunday is one of my favorite brands. even cuter on than the photo. short back at natural waist long in front . great quality fabric. thick and warm. fits very narrow in sleeves so i went from small to medium to have room for a top underneath. the medium is perfect. back is stylish, solid tweed grey with front pattern wrapped around from front. sleeves and collar a black diamond pattern and ribbon trimmed edge.overall very interesting grey black c	Knits
Great comfortable dress with style! this ran a little large, so i returned for a medium! so glad i did!!!! you can dress down with a pair of low sandals and sun hat or dress up with some heels and hair pulls back!	Dresses
What a great piece. so unique and so cool and made with high quality textiles. i expect this to be in heavy rotation. can go super casual/luxe with leather joggers or upscale with nice jeans and some heels.	Knits
This sweater is so cute!!! i intend to wear it as much as possible. the little elbow patches are a cute detail. it's warm but classy.	Knits
Loved the colors but the fit was less to be desired. very wide under arms & too much material. looks more like a maternity dress. i ordered a small petite & would have needed the xs but now it is no longer available. oh well. returning this.	Dresses
Wanted to love this dress as it's perfect for transition. i'm a curvy gal who usually sports an xl in dresses at retailer, and unfortunately this one was way too big even for me to pull off. my boyfriend actually guffawed when he saw me in it. i would implore the maker to try this style again as it's a good one, unfortunately the sizing was it's downfall.	Dresses
I love the design, that's why i'm going back for a smaller size. i bought a medium and that size was made for someone 50 lbs heavier than i. usually i'm good at choosing my size online, but not today. if you are curvy and round like me still go for a smaller size because this dress has a lot if room. also i wish more clothes would come into the stores to try on, please!	Dresses
This is a lovely jacket. i thought it was going to be thicker, but it's so classy and chic. i got several comments on it, and i've only worn it once! great jacket to have in my closet. i can wear it to work, to dress up an outfit for school, or to complete an outfit.	Knits
This dress was cute in the photos but wore like a sack when i put it on. great quality, fabric was lovely, just a little sparkle at the hemline, scallops were great but i put it on, i immediately took it back off and put it back in the sack to return. love the look, it just was terrible on me. i'm petite, 5'0" and weigh 110# so i'm not large but the dress made me look like an oompaloompa.	Dresses
This lacey dress fits well and is very comfortable.	Dresses
I spotted this dress at my local retailer. to be honest, i saw it on a rack with a sale sign on it and didn't think much of it. then i saw it on a salesperson...wow! i think this dress looks much better on someone than on the hanger...so i recommend trying it on.i am 5'3", 32b...and i bought an xs. it fits really well...right about the knee, similar to how it is shown in the photo so taller women may find it to be a little shorter.the ruffle/fabric that comes down the side adds an interesting	Dresses
I ordered a xxs as i am a size 0. it fits very well, i am 5'5" and the dress hits me 2 inches above knee. i would wear this with thick tights and boots. the sleeves are unlined, but because the material is of high quality, it does not seem too shear. you can belt this dress if you do not like the loose, swing style. i love the print and colors. i was not really aware of the silver sequence at the hem, but i do not mind it. however, i feel it does dress it up taking it out of the every day wear c	Dresses
Did want to love this jacket because i have so much black and white, but i saw it on my daughter and had to have it. i usually take a large, but i needed an extra large, and the fit is great. the material is not too heavy, so i know it can wear it year round by adjusting the weight of tee underneath.	Knits
I had such high hopes for this dress, but unfortunately it misses the mark completely. the design is flawed in that you cannot raise your arms to shoulder length. for someone who is 5'3, 105lbs, the dress has no shape and looks like something from zoolander's derelict campaign. i think one must have a specific body type for this dress, but regardless, they'll have to keep their arms at their sides.	Dresses
I couldn't wait to get this dress! i bought it and was instantly disappointed when i took it out of the bag. while the fabric was beautiful, the sizing was way off. this dress claims to be 35" long, and i could tell instantly it wasn't. it barely covered my rear. i also know it's supposed to be flowy, but it was really, really wide. i can see this working for someone around 5 feet tall who is wider.	Dresses
This is a lightweight knit dress that is well-designed but very form-fitting. i decided to return it because at almost 40 there are parts of my body that i don't need to show, but if you're in great shape or willing to wear shape wear, this would be super cute.	Dresses
I am very surprised by the low reviews of this dress. this dress is obviously a very loose fitting style. it is a bit of a man repellar dress.the quality of the fabric is beautiful and the pattern stunning. i find the loose flowy style liberating and comfortable. i love it with otk boots and tights for winter but also planning to wear with sandals in spring. i am 125lbs and purchased the petite small.	Dresses
The pictures of this dress are terrible compared to seeing it in person, and i instantly fell in love with this dress when i put it on. the fit is very flattering with a touch of 1920s flare. the colors are better in person too, with the lightest color being pink, not white as pictured.	Dresses
I love that retailerpolgie has petite sizes now. i am 5'4" and 115lbs. i bought the 0p and it fits perfectly. the dress is very cute and the colors are a way to transition into fall when its still warm out.	Dresses
For me, the v was too deep on this one, but the colors are beautiful.	Dresses
Never would have thought i would love it so much based on the picture online but saw it in person and it's so cute!! colors are very rich in person - even the soft pink (not a big pink gal) works so well with the other colors. great quality with full lining. i lucked out and picked it up for a steal on clearance with another 40% off! just love it!!	Dresses
Exciting design, beautiful fabric. love this dress	Dresses
I bought this dress for work and receive tons of compliments when i wear it! the material is soft and breathable, which makes it comfortable to wear all day at work with a light jacket. i do agree with the other reviewer though, it does show every bump, especially in the tummy. i also noticed that some of the fabric flaps will flip up when i sit down, but i am going to sew the flap down so it stops doing that.	Dresses
First of all, i've noticed that maeve is running big, i'm normally a size medium or 6 and two occasions now i've needed a size small and this is no different. of course i ordered the medium and would need to exchange it if i want it to fit better. it's loose allover. the only reason i'm not exchanging it is that the color washes my olive skin color. other than that it's a beautiful dress, it hist at the same spot on the leg as in the model's pictures. for reference, 5'9", 36b, 29", 38".	Dresses
I sat on this top for about 2 weeks waiting for more reviews to see if it was worth buying. i finally took a chance on it and i'm glad that i did. this top is really cute. i love the asymetrical pattern. it's long enough that it goes great with my black skinny jeans. the v neckline is perfect...not too low. i got this in my usual size large and it fits perfectly.  i wish that the sleeves were slightly longer, but that shouldn't be a problem for someone not as tall. it's a quirky and ador	Knits
Very cute everyday tee. usually run between an xs or small with retailer and was happy i chose the extra small. a great updated on a classic strip tee.	Knits
I really liked this dress. it's so comfy, i could sleep in it plus it's quite flattering. however, if you have a tummy, which i do, you have to really suck it in. the dress will show bulges but the layers make it a little more forgiving that the typical fitted dress. the length is great and conservative enough that i wore it to work today, though it does ride up as you walk. the blue is dark enough it could almost be worn with black shoes, almost. the top is really cut well with the perfect neck	Dresses
The style and color is very nice but the fabric is a bit stiff. the fabric doesn't have much give and isn't as comfortable as most of my other retailer t shirts. still a cute top for the cooler weather.	Knits
In true cloth & stone fashion, this product is incredibly soft and comfortable. i bought mine in petite small, but it will flatter a number of different body shapes and sizes. it's easy to launder (machine wash), and it will work as a perfect piece to dress up or down, depending on how you accessorize the product. i can't wait to wear this while i'm on the go and traveling over the summer.	Dresses
This shirt is so cute in the picture but not so great in person. i bought the short sleeve version this summer and loved it! this runs really big so maybe a smaller size will help.	Knits
This dress is so soft and comfortable. i love shift dresses and find them flattering. this one did not disappoint in that area. it is long enough for work and hits just above my knee. finally, the colors are great. the shades of blue, muted red and peachy pink are lovely.	Dresses
I'm 5' tall and 95 pounds and ordered this in an xxsp. it's a little loose but still looks really attractive on my body. it's warmer and thicker than i thought it would be and lined. i love it! taller petites might want to size into regular because even on my super-petite body it hit a few inches above the knees - perfect length for me but will hit higher for those taller.it's going to become a staple!	Dresses
This is more of a cover up than something you would wear out .	Dresses
I'm glad i bought this dress with a discount. it's a comfortable staple, but not a showstopper. i love the plush fabric, which has great weight, and the skirt. the top is cut to be a little revealing, which worked well with my full bust but wouldn't be work appropriate. the keyhole at the back is large, but did not reveal my bra.	Dresses
I splurged on this dress (still a bit pricey, even on sale), but so far it's the best purchase i've made all summer. the terry is a somewhat unusual choice for a dress that otherwise would have been on the fancier side, but it makes it sooooo comfortable--it's even more breathable and lightweight than the super thin cotton sundresses that usually dominate the summer. my only real complaint is that the cut is a bit out of whack. the medium just barely fits my hips, but it's pretty loose on top--y	Dresses
The dress is nice, but i was not excited about the color. the only color is this blue. also everyone has their favorite fit. i think i like some other fit better. my biggest problems are color and that is made majorly from synthetic materials. otherwise it fits well and for the right body type it will be perfect fit.i like to own dresses made of more natural materials.	Dresses
I wear this top with jeans or cords. i allways get compliments. it's comfortable and versatile. go down a size!	Knits
This is a stunning top but it did not work for me because it looked like a maternity top on me.. i think a person needs to be thin with a small bust to carry this off. this would look good with many things, from ripped denim to leather pants, and is not necessarily just for holidays.	Knits
Love this top! i've worn it once and received several compliments. i'm 5'7", 127, and the small fit well. i'm happy with my purchase.	Knits
I really like this dress, i wish they still had xxs p as the xs p is still a little big (i guess ti is the style). i love the eyelet design, the high low is very flattering, and the neckline too. very comfortable. i am not sure if i will keep it as i still think the xxs p would be more flattering, but i like it enough to consider keeping the bigger size.nice with a jeans jacket and brown clogs!(115 lbs, 30 dd, 26.5 in waist)	Dresses
This is a beautiful top. it is something great to have in your wardrobe for the holiday season or a nice date night option. i highly recommend it. it runs true to size. the price is actually reasonable as far as dressy retailer tops go as well!	Knits
This blouse is beautiful and i saw someone wearing it and she looked great. i went and bought this to wear for a holiday party and it is not for people with any sort of chest! it looked ridiculous on me as the pleats started right at the bra line and caused the blouse to tent out in both directions! however - looks super cute on those more on the flat-chested side!	Knits
I got this dress in coral and i absolutely fell in love with it the moment i tried it on. the fabric is very soft and flows nicely. i am 5'3 and i got it in regular but the length is not too long or short. i can probably wear it with my flip flops.	Dresses
Very pretty as shown, runs true to size, however fabric is scratchy on skin.	Knits
When i received the dress, it was true to size on the bust and length. i didn't purchase the petite, but i wish i did since i am 5'2. i tried to wear my wedges, but it's still long. i love the dress and would definitely recommend it.	Dresses
Beautiful top runs true to size. i&#39;m in between an xs &amp; small and went with the xs. it fit great and was beautiful for holiday photos. it has hints of silver in it.	Knits
I ordered this dress in coral. while i like it and the dress is nice, i have many other outfits that i like better so this will be going back to the store. i might have kept it in black or blue.	Dresses
This top is way more sparkly and festive in person. i plan to pair it with black or charcoal gray pants for a holiday party, but it would also go great with dark jeans. it is super cute, can't wait to wear it.	Knits
The fabric and design are gorgeous so i was hoping the top would work for me. sadly, it looked ridiculous on me. i wouldn't recommend the top for busty girls. it looked like a bell on me. fyi, it doesn't come with a camisole underneath.	Knits
It's such a pretty top but i felt that it looked maternity-ish so i returned it.	Knits
I hate to be so negative but i can't believe this shirt has so many positive reviews. it is stiff, silver lace and hangs funny if you have a chest. adding a cami undnerneath makes it worse. looks cheap.	Knits
I like the idea of the dress, just not the fit in the bust. i'm not particularly big (32c), but it just didn't fit up there. i wish the dress had built in support because you can't really wear a bra.	Dresses
This is a lovely blouse. it has an empire waist type cut, which camouflages tummy and hips nicely (especially after a large holiday meal!). i'm usually between a small and medium (4-6) and didn't really notice much of a different between the two sizes.**note: it does not come with the camisole shown in the photo, but any black or white standard camisole would work.	Knits
I purchased another top, same brand, in the same style from retailer and really love it. the fabric is lightweight, which makes it great for multiple seasons. i travel extensively and these tops hand wash and hang to dry very nicely. i wear a gray tank under this one and love the look. i also like the long length. as usual, i will probably tack the neckline up an inch or so, so that it's not so low - just my thing. overall, the pattern and the fabric are very nice. i usually wear an xs or s; i pur	Knits
Normally i would not have bought this color and print, it is just not a color that i usually wear. but after reading reviews i ordered it online. i love love this top. it looks good, is flattering, and is a very nice and different color. i wore it with berry leggings and love it. the top is very comfortable, can be worn with pants and leggings. the only issue i have is that since the jersey fabric is only at the back and not in the front, it pulls at the tummy section in the front and shows an o	Knits
Lovely, but i am sensitive to some fabrics and i couldn't bear the feel of this lace. wish it had worked, so pretty in the picture!	Knits
This top is both cute and flattering. it is also soft and the colors are gorgeous. i highly recommend	Knits
I got this when it went on sale (in navy and coral colors), awesome dress for any occasion! as far as complaints go about the straps, its meant to be low-cut! i really like the basket weave bodice although that does make it more difficult to zip up, but i found it was easier to just slip the dress on zipped up since the stretchy fabric gives quite a bit rather than deal with the zipper. i normally wear about a 0-2 in most retailer brands and have the dress in both sizes (didn't notice a big differ	Dresses
True to size so great fit from top to bottom. i am 5'5'' and it hits my hips at just the right spot - not too high or too low. it also does not flare out too much so it will not give off the impression that you have something to hide in the tummy area. it is very soft and comfortable. the material is not fragile so it should be easy to maintain its shape after washing.	Knits
Amazing style, great fabric and a dress for all occasions. bought the black and love it!	Dresses
Beautiful! soft, flattering but not clingy~ i bought in the green which is not a typical color in the summer palate which makes it all the more appealing.	Dresses
After reading some reviews about it running small i decided to order the 8 instead of my regular size 6 and bingo! i'm 5"7' 144 lb. dress hits right above my knees. i'm between slender and curvy.	Dresses
I saw this in the store and immediately loved it even before trying on. the style is classic and the fit is perfect. the material is soft and comfortable. it hugs without clinging. i tried on the black in s and the green in xs and went with the green. different shoes and accessories will dress this up or down. i plan to travel with it several times this summer. it will be a great option to wear on the plane and arrive looking chic.	Dresses
I ordered this dress after seeing it styled with a beautiful cape. when it arrived, it was incredibly soft and the color was a pretty, muted pink. however, once i put it on, it clinged to all the wrong places. having a larger chest made it show a lot of cleavage and if i can't wear a standard bra with it, it's too complicated. in a regular tank dress, it would have been a yes. overall a great dress, but probably for another body type.	Dresses
I tried on the xs in store, but ti was a little big on me (and i usually get petite in dresses, unless they are mini dresses).so i decide to order the xxs petite. it fits much better. the length is, at the highest point, just above my knees. the chest part fits better on me as xxs p, the plunge is not low, not too high, and is flattering, i can wear a regular bra that can attach as t-back and you won't see anything. the model on the picture is what it looks like as a usual size (so xs instea	Dresses
I went with the xs because i didn't want the v neck in the front to be too low. it looks cute paired with a kimono and a necklace.	Dresses
So to put this in some perspective, when i tried on this dress for my husband after bringing it home, he described it as "possibly the best dress you've ever bought." so that's definitely a winner! i think what makes the dress great is that it's not clingy, but still had a good drape. on the skinny models, it looks large and flowy, but on my curvier body, it draped beautifully and is super flattering, without being clingy or too tight. i'm usually a size 10, 36ddd, and i sized down to a medium s	Dresses
I recently bought this is a medium black and it is a perfect fit. it's a beautiful top and the peplum portion is perfect and long enough for someone with a lon torso. for reference, i'm 6ft 175lbs and usually wear a 10/12 or medium/large top. i went with the medium based on other reviews. i i was lucky to find this on sale.	Knits
Perfect for a hot day and skins the body beautifully. so soft! i am usually a medium but got a small which fit perfect. usually swing dresses do not compliment the waistline but this one did!	Dresses
Bought this on sale and wore it to work yesterday with black skinny pants and leopard flats with a big gold necklace. i'm busty and have to be careful with peplum styles, but this one does well.	Knits
Picture says the model is 5'10, i am 5'8. the dress hit me shorter on my leg than it did on the model. i loved everything about this dress, it did run a little snug so i was between a small and an extra small. i can't wear mid thigh dresses to work? so i am sadly returning the dress.	Dresses
Bought this in the green because i thought it was a bit different. it is super flattering and the fabric is so soft and comfortable. i have it in an xs and a s and haven't yet decided which i am keeping as they both work. i'm 5'4" and 116#. going to wear it on an upcoming trip and i think i will get a lot of use out of it during the rest of the summer into the early fall. i saw the black too and am tempted to buy that as well. have i mentioned i love this dress?	Dresses
This material is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. i have two other dolan dresses made of the same material. i do wash mine - cold water, delicate cycle. i hang dry it. i am broad shouldered and heavy chested, and the cut of this dress is extremely flattering. you can dress it up or dress it down too, love that!	Dresses
I absolutely fell in love with this dress in the store and immediately scooped it up in black. wore it 3-4 times on hot summer days and it was perfect! very comfortable, easy to throw on and dress up or down. i decided to hand wash instead of dry cleaning (as i usually do) and after hanging dry, it became significantly more translucent than it had been before! i can no longer wear this dress because you can see everything through it. it's as though the fabric completely changed after being wet.	Dresses
I tried on a l and found it incredibly unflattering on a large chest, as the waist hits a bit high.the color is vibrant...i wanted to like!	Knits
I'm an xl in retailer tops, and purchased this in the size xl. it fits very nicely; not tight. i usually have problems with peplum blouses hitting me oddly since i have a short waist, but this fit beautifully. i like the feel of the high quality fabric. the color green works so well with my red hair. i highly recommend this blouse.	Knits
I own quite a few deletta tops, and this one nails it. a great staple in a pretty color (i purchased the green). peplum tops can be hit or miss for me and often come up short or balloon out too much. this one is so flattering. i initially ordered a medium (5'8", 145) but exchanged for a small when i found the medium to be a little roomy on me. the small is perfect. the top is made of a medium weight material and is slightly fitted, nipping in at the waist. the "skirt" piece falls nicely and is l	Knits
I originally got this for myself but it was just a little bit more snug than i liked. i ended up giving it to my daughter. it fits her nicely and she wore it to her holiday party at work and it was a hit!!	Dresses
Dolan is my go to for comfy, pretty, practical dresses. i'm 5'0 125 lbs and i consistently wear a petite small in this brand. i bought the taupe - not my favorite color, but i had too many lbds and the green was not a summer color. i chose taupe to wear with my bronze and turquoise jewelry. summer must have.	Dresses
This top is an easy, classy staple for summer -tts and drapes well, great shape	Knits
Beautiful dress, skims the body perfectly and flatters. the silky and breathable fabric is everything-- it's made of cupro (used as a silk substitute but breathes like cotton-- uniqlo uses it in their "airism" products which makes it perfect for summer weather!). i wore it to a summer barbecue, dressed down with a denim shirt tied at the waist and simple jewelry, but can easily dress it up with a chunky heeled sandal and statement jewelry. it's gorgeous-- get it! the colors of the fabric a	Dresses
How i did not notice this dress for weeks i do not know. this is absolutely the best casual dress i've ever had the pleasure of owning and i hope my future includes acquiring the other sold out colors. i was fortunate enough to buy the holly in m and taupe in mp and they both fit well and look flattering on my unproportioned body. this dress goes well with many layers or on its own and is going to work for at least three seasons in my area. the drape of the willa complements my over large upper	Dresses
I had to return the 2 for a size 4 and it is still snug in the ribs. i am very petite and usually wear size 0 and xs. the regular length hits me perfectly above the knee as i like. the previous review to order up was good but i'm writing to say i had to go up 2 sizes. i am 5'5" 110 lbs, small frame.	Dresses
This dress is stunning and very flattering. i am a few months postpartum with just a bit of belly flub left, and this skims in all the right places without showing that. the fabric is gorgeous, although it seems like the darker colors can be a little sheer (i got the holly). absolutely love this, would consider picking up another color. i do find it runs a little small compared to other dolan pieces, including those in this fabric. i have a tunic and another dress in a small. i got a medium here	Dresses
Happy to have tried this one on in store. unlike other peplum, the bottom portion does not pop out. looks good under a cadi as well. find this top very versatile. i got both colors since they are both flattering.	Knits
This top fit me great across the bust - true to size there, however, it was very loose other than that (outside of the peplum of course). it did not seem flattering for my body shape/did not give me much shape on top. i was wider than i should be/am. this may work on some body types, but did not work for me. it was a nice feeling, comfortable top however.	Knits
This is such a pretty top and a great multi-season piece. i love the colors and pattern, and the cut is flattering. it's not too low cut in the front which is nice. it is woven on the front/sleeves and knit in the back so i'm a little nervous about how it will wash. i usually wear a m in retailer tops and a l in tiny (they usually are truly tiny) but in this tiny a m was good.	Knits
I tried this on in the store and loved it. it runs large. i'm 5'7", 130lbs, very short waisted, and i got the xs. i realized it had a sheer section on the side, but the store paired it with a beautiful scarf that helped cover the sheerness. i didn't feel i needed a cami while wearing the scarf. plus the scarf will keep me warmer and let me wear the shirt a little longer in the fall.	Knits
I love this top, but i do need to wear a navy cami underneath. as the pic shows, the lace in the mid section makes it completely sheer in place... kinda odd placement in my opinion. but if you don't mind the sheerness or a cami, it's a great top.	Knits
This top is very cute. it looks good with leggings, boyfriend jeans, and flare jeans. be careful, it will shrink. i bought an xs because other reviews said it runs large. it fit great, but i accidentally put it in the dryer and it shrunk. the sleeves that were already were fitted and not loose like the picture shows, shrunk so that they are a little snug on my arms. thankfully, it's still wearable because i do love it and have gotten several compliments on it.	Knits
I love this shirt. it is so soft. not boxy at all. very flattering. my only complaint is that there aren't more colors!	Knits
Overall, i thought this was a very pretty blouse. i loved the colors and the design. the construction seemed good. others mentioned that it ran large, but i am tall and often struggle with the shoulders and arms, so i purchase my normal size small. i believe it is the width in my shoulders that caused the blouse to hang funny - you could see a decent amount of the back fabric hanging around the front sides, which looked odd. it made the front fabric look like it was cut at an angle. (i am not br	Knits
Most beautiful dress i have ever seen or tried on. i read all of the reviews and it seemed ladies with hips stated the dress ran small. so, after over a year of watching this dress and waiting for it to go on sale, i order a size bigger than i normally wear. i was devastated that it was too large. all sizes except 0 and 00 were sold out, so now i am stuck returning my dress or paying a small fortune to have it altered.	Dresses
While i thought it looked really pretty on the hanger, when i tried it on it just felt like a mess. perhaps it suits other personalities and bodies. i hated that the zipper was in the front; i personally find it tacky and gawdy. while the patterns are pretty, the material felt like some weird fabric wallpaper and i didn't see how the price was justified with how the material felt cheap to me.	Dresses
Superb quality and design. i am a 34d and 120lbs. i am a size 6 to 8 but mostly 8 due to my hips and top. i am pear shaped and 5'6. the dress was a little loose but i just need to get it a little fitted but you can hardly tell. i love the floral patterned so intricate. it truly looks like a princess dress. it is little heavy and at least it's not too tight for dancing.	Dresses
I am obsessed with this dress. i wore it on new year's eve. i felt stunning in it. i can't wait to wear it again as soon as possible.very good quality. my regular size 6 fit me but i cannot gain not even a pound more :) i'm 5"7' 144lb. i'm between slender and curvy.	Dresses
I just received my dress yesterday and it is gorgeous!!! i actually ordered 2 sizes, 00p and 0p, depending on some cuts i'm between those 2 sizes, i am 5'1 92 lbs but with holidays eating i have gained 4 pounds so far, so the 00p was bit too tight all way from hips to bust area, i was able to zip it up but was a bit painful to keep breathing and got some weird wrinkles on the back between waist line and derrire.the dress is a beautiful cocktail of sexy curvy silhouette with the baroque flavor	Dresses
This runs a little big and falls off the shoulders a bit. i didn't like it as much as i had hoped.	Knits
I love the dress enough to go on a diet. i sized up but still have reservations about the integrity of the seams if i should sit at any point during its wear. i hate skin tight clothing, and wear a 0 in everything else - the 2 made me feel as if you could see my cervix. i own other byron lars dresses that fit in a 0 - something happened with this dress.	Dresses
For me, this top ran true to size. i'm so glad i ordered it in my normal size, because the spandex would have made the top way too clingy for me. i am normally a 8/medium on top and 12 bottom. i ordered this in a medium, and do not find it large at all. if you are going for a fitted look, sizing down may be best, but i didn't want it tight. on me, it's a little looser than what is shown on the model, but it still fits very nice, and not sloppy. i am not a fan of baggy tops. i have no issues with	Knits
This dress is stunning. the combinations of patterns/fabrics is beautiful and the cut is very flattering. i tend to wear a 6 or 8 depending on brand and the 8 fits perfectly. i am 32c on top and more of an apple than a pear shape, so the straight lines hide the tummy but shape the hips. love love love. i can't wait to wear this.	Dresses
The dress is a great buy especially since it was on sale. it fits like his other dresses flattering as i don't have a big bust and have a bit of extra skin from pregnancies but with this dress i feel amazing. get a ton of compliments when i wear it!	Dresses
This dress stunning for the hourglass figure. the hips may be a little narrow. i bought the 6p and 4p and the 4p fit best. i read some reviews that said the hips were snug. it's true- a little difficult to sit down haha but the dress is so flattering. shoulders are a little loose, and i have pretty broad shoulders and a full chest. i'm 5'4, 32dd, waist 27 and 130 lbs.	Dresses
Size 2p is perfect for me (32a, 25" waist, and 32" hip) with a lot of room left for a big dinner. the design is exceptionally creative and attractive, and the fabric is of very high quality.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous and perfect for holidays. unlike other byron lars dresses that have some stretch to them, this dress is fitted and has no give. i typically wear a size 4 (135lbs, 5'8, 34c) but in chest the 4 was too tight, i could zip it but could not breathe lol.. i sized up to 6 and the fit is true perfection.	Dresses
Runs really big. i usually wear small and this was falling off my shoulders. very comfortable and soft material. also looks brighter in pic than in person.	Knits
I sized down one size and it's still too big with the double v-neck style. this is going back.	Knits
This is a gorgeous dress. it comes with a black silky belt, but mine was too large, which is probably why it is not shown on the model photos. i think maybe it only works if you're on the larger size for the dress. it's very easy to get on and off due to the front zipper. i was worried about bra straps showing on the low cut back, but they actually show more at the broad shoulders. i'm not sure if that's more apparent because i went up on the size to have room at the hips. there is a cute kick p	Dresses
I was disappointed by this dress. i listened to the reviews and ordered one size up, a size 6 instead of my usual 4, and that was the correct size. fit like a glove. unfortunately, the style left much to be desired. this dress is very costume-y. i felt like a wench from the renaissance fair. not a good vibe. it is a beautiful dress, i'm not denying that, but not as a dress you would actually wear to an event. there's just too much going on with the tapestry look and the many types of fabric. i a	Dresses
I?m not the type of woman that wears dresses, but oh man...this dress! i?ve been eyeing it for a while, and it finally went on sale, then the extra 30% off made me cave. got it for $115. i bought it one size smaller (8) to encourage me to not over-indulge this xmas, and if fit like a glove. for reference, i?m 36 bust, 30 waist and normally a size 10 in retailer. it accentuates your curves & hugs your body while being "sexy/conservative". the intricate embroidery is exquisite and very eye catching.	Dresses
Measurements: 30aa / 24" waist 5'4"i historically wear 00p in jcrew and most retailer brands. i purchased a 0p and it fit well with a little room. i really hated that the waistline is almost a drop-waist. the ivory brocade panel comes low on the navel, so it makes you look shorter than you really are.the most impressive part of this dress is the neckline/shoulder. i have pretty narrow shoulders, so it's a quasi-boatneck and it's quite lovely.	Dresses
This dress truly is a work of art and i am becoming a little obsessed with byron lars' clothing line. this is my 3rd dress by him and i have been a size 2 in the other dresses. the 2 does fit in this dress but it is a little snug. not sure if a 4 would look as good because it is meant to be form fitting. the panels trick the eye into making you look thinner too. my dimensions 32c,26,33. it fits perfectly in the hips and waist but is tight on top.	Dresses
When this arrived in the mail, i knew there was a 50/50 chance of a sheath dress working with my body-type (athletic on top, larger on bottom). i usually wear size 6 in a-line dresses, and i found this dress, size 6, in the sale room, and barely squeezed in. ordered size 10 and love it. (for ref, 5'8", 135 lbs, 34-b) the belt is adjustable, which puts everything in place. the front collar blends seamlessly into the sleeves, and the brocade panels are such a great quality of material, reminding m	Dresses
I found this dress on sale recently in store and it was in my size- a 2p! i tried it on and it fits perfectly for my 34 d and 5ft frame. since i found it in store and it is an older dress, there are some frays in the threading (probably from being shipped, handled, etc). i still bought it for the sale price. i look forward to wearing it out!	Dresses
I am in lust with this fabulous dress. it's a feast for the eyes. it's so busy and detailed, yet it all works. fit on me is perfect. i did not have to size down or up. my upper torso is larger (m/l) than my bottom half (m/s). i also have a square waist. this dress makes me look like i have an hourglass figure. i love it as much as the mona dress. another point goes to ease of putting it on. i own six byron lars dresses and this is the *easiest* one to put on! just zip up and go.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress two years after it sold out so i'm so lucky to have gotten my greedy little hands on this eye catching retro modern number. my mom adores the fit on me as it reminds her of her youth in the 50's and 60's. i originally sized down to a 6, not realizing my bust/wide rib cage would make the fit difficult. wish i could have found an 8 but settled for 10p and will have a tailor finish it. i'm also going to remove the tulle layer since i want to wear as more casual frock.	Dresses
Thin and soft. lays nicely... form-fitting, but with enough fabric to move around and scrunch up without looking tight. the double-v makes it shift downward so the cut in front is pretty low - i have to keep adjusting it so it doesn't show too much. not sure how it'll hold up after a couple washes because the fabric is so lightweight.	Knits
Normally i would take a size 0 or xs in dresses, but after reading the reviews i am glad i took a size larger. the 2p worked out very nicely and i am 5'3 102lbs. it is a bit stiff when i walk around in it and losses some of its shape. don't get me wrong but i love the dress and am always receiving compliments on it.	Dresses
I love everything about this dress. the patterns are gorgeous and the mixture of fabrics and textures are so unique that they make such a beautiful statement. i got this in a 0p after reading review, and am usually a 00p-0p. the dress fit a bit baggy on me but if i can find some way to tighten the belt it would definitely still be wearable. i agree with other reviews that the top is larger. my measurements are 31-24-34...and i felt like the bottom fit comfortably with some room but the waist and	Dresses
I am a shopper....i shop a lot. this is one of my favorite dresses of all time! so unique, and, as others have said, like a piece of art! the fit is tight through the middle but that's what makes it look so perfect. i wore with tall brown suede boots and got compliments from ken and women alike. i love it!	Dresses
It runs big though! definitely order a size smaller, the underneath slip is stretchy which is great, but the lace outer shell runs big!	Dresses
This cute dress was very nice on. however my only reservations were the thickness in the arm sleeves. the dress has this thick curtain like material on the sleeves that seemed to big and cut way to wide for my skinny arms. i thought about bringing this to the tailor but i feel it would be a lot of work and the bulkiness of the arms would just be the same.other than that the colors and dress are beautiful.	Dresses
This dress!!!! i had to try it on. of course i fell in love with it. it is so gorgeous in person, like a piece of unique artwork. you'll never find a dress like this!	Dresses
Order at least one size down or the double v neckline will insist on slipping off your shoulders. everything else about this top is great.	Knits
Love the top! this is an attractive black top with a unique back which will match pretty much any thing in ones closet! yes i would say it runs a size bigger however it does not take away from the quality nor design	Knits
I almost ordered this online to wear to a party later this week, but i'm glad i waited to try it on at the store (i wasn't sure if i'd like the length of the petite or regular better.) i was so disappointed and didn't end up getting either! i have two bailey 44 dresses from several years ago that are much more flattering and incredibly soft/comfortable. this fabric on this dress was much rougher and it really bothered me that the stripes cut off at the side seams and then don't match up from the	Dresses
Ladies don't let this beauty get away. never paid much attention to it on-line but went into local retailer today and it was returned by someone. i couldn't get it on fast enough. it is gorgeous. runs tts. i took the small, for reference i am 36c top and petite. this will work on any body type. you won't be sorry. well worth the money for the style and fabric.	Knits
Per baily 44's usual, no visible lines, hits in all the right places, extremely flattering, washes well, all of it. fo this price especially you'd be fool to pass this little number up!	Dresses
Definitely a curve hugger. i bought the summer version of this dress (sleeveless white with black stripes) earlier this year and it was my go to dress all season long. was very excited to see a fall/winter version to pair with tights and boots. bought a medium again and it fits great. this is a very flattering dress, and the material is lightweight yet substantial and forgiving of flaws.	Dresses
This top is beautiful, however it runs beyond big!i ordered my usual size and i could have fit 2 of me in this top.i am reordering and going 2 sizes down!the tie back and embroidery is beautiful.	Knits
I agree with the first reviewer exactly. beautiful fabric and "idea" of dress (looks stunning on model), but huge and shapeless in person like a tent. not at all what i expected when ordering a 2 petite. sadly, has to be returned.	Dresses
I love, love, love this brand. these people know how to cut and construct a dress. i'm apple-shaped and have trouble finding fitted dresses that flatter me, but this one makes me look curvy and hides my flaws. the pattern lays perfectly and will make you look great. the fabric is high-quality and fully-lined. it's perfect for work or for going out. i love that it's black and bronze-y, because i can wear it with black or brown accessories. i'm generally between a l/xl in retailer and the l fits wel	Dresses
The xs was too large on me and i'm not a tiny person. while the dress was beautiful on the model, in person it had way too much fabric and fit rather tent-like. the fabric is gorgeous and the dress would have worked if it were more of a fitted style and had half the amount of fabric on the bottom. not flattering at all.	Dresses
I was really disappointed in the shirt. the blue embroidery is a lot darker than what is shown in the photo, and barely stands out against the black. the photo does not accurately depict this shirt. i will be returning.	Knits
Can't wait to wear this top!! i found it to run tts for me, but i am a dd bust and need the extra material. happy with this purchase.	Knits
This is an extremely flattering dress. i couldn't resist buying it, even though i didn't come into the store looking for a dressier dress, which i feel this is. once i tried it on, i had to purchase it. its one of those things that i know i won't regret because at some point, an occasion will show up that i'll wear it to. its soft, comfy and flowing and accentuates the body's curves without being too tight or clingy. its a classic!	Dresses
I consider this to be a flattering dress that is a good wardrobe staple since it can be dressed up or down and worn with a variety items (i.e. cropped denim jacket, oversized knit cardi, leather moto.) the twisty knot in the front is very cute and slimming and doesn't add bulk to my squishy squarish waist. this dress is tts to a bit large. the colors and material make this appropriate for autumn through spring. my only upset with this dress is the raw edges which cheapens the quality and makes m	Dresses
Really cute and comfortable. i can wear it to work for a casual friday, or out on the weekend. a lot of the sequins are falling off and getting stuck in my dryer!	Knits
A lovely sweatshirt with mesh front and back cover with soucotache (sp?) handwork, with a touch of sequins for some pop! the knit sleeves are thin, but the top has some weight due to the detailing on the front and back.the fit is tts and as shown on the model. it lays comfortable but it's not really baggy.really lovely. glad i bought one before it was sold out.	Knits
Bought this dress based on the other reviews and was glad i did. fabric is very nice and soft. it drapes nicely, hiding my tummy trouble area. very flattering and not too short, i could wear it with a blazer to work and also out on a date night. happy with my purchase.	Dresses
This dress fits pretty much how it looks on the model. the fabric is soft and the stripes are a goldish color. i bought this because of the other reviews and glad i did! perfect dress for work and going out. the petite hits me mid-thigh like in the photo.	Dresses
I just received this shirt in the mail, and i'm in love. it isn't your average t-shirt in that it has character and class. i can't wait to wear it! another reviewer was unhappy that the embroidery in blue on the back wasn't as dramatic as the picture; i'm not seeing it. i think the blue stands out very well. i know i should say, "hurry and get yours before they're gone," but in truth, i'd rather be the only one with this beautiful shirt! :)	Knits
This dress is so well made, but it's a lot of dress. i think i would have liked it if it were shorter. it felt a little too 50s housewife to me, and i was hoping for a flowing material. it wasn't worth the price to me so i sent it back.	Dresses
After reading all the reviews and sizing down one size. i got my top size m, i usually wear m/l depending on the style. i'm 6 ft tall, 160 lb, i like my clothing loose but not as loose as this top. i should have gone to xxxxxs if such exists. no wonder there is such a low leap in price. it is a good quality though, and very nice pale peach color. no would not recommend, unless you wear 3xxxl	Knits
I purchased the blue, and i love the style and fit of the shirt. i worry a bit about the slit showing too much cleavage in certain positions, but my friends have assured me that it is work appropriate. very flattering, and i received a lot of compliments when i wore it.	Knits
At the beginning of summer, i first ordered one of these tops in size xl. i liked the colors and the material was such a soft, open weave. i thought it would be perfect for the hot weather so i ordered a 2nd on sale. unfortunately, even though these are made of mesh, these tops ended up being really hot. i wore them in texas, new york, new jersey, and florida. i thought they'd be a good, pretty choice. but, the material with the gathered waist & wrists, trapped in the heat. it was just too sheer	Knits
I got the size wrong, and the right size was ot available - so sad! i really loved this.	Knits
Love it, super cute, super comfortable. watch those bra straps!	Knits
I ordered this dress and wow , this is one really pretty dress, my only drawback is that the dress is not fully lined. for this price i was expecting a full lined dress. the flower detail and beading is amazing, but this one is going back hopefully it will be on sale soon, i might reconsider	Dresses
The fabric of this looks and feels so cheap it's hard to believe this is anna sui. i would say this is unwearable. there is zero stretch and it is made of itchy textured poly fabric that looks like novelty fabric at best. going back asap.	Dresses
I love this tee! while it is true to size i feel, it is meant to have a loose fit. that being said, it is a very flattering cut and has a great drape. super comfy, flattering and classic.	Knits
I love the feel and quality of this sweatshirt. however, because of the embroidery/lace detail on the shoulders, it makes it a little stiff so the shoulders look slightly boxy.	Knits
Gorgeous piece, although much longer than it appears to be in the photo. the price, however, is a bit steep. i'm not sure that i'm going to keep it because i just don't think it looks as expensive as it is.	Dresses
Love this dress. perfect for spring and fall. great material and well made. lovey design. the dress has a built in slip.	Dresses
Another maeve maxi to add to my crowded closet! i adore the print, it reminds me of morocco. i went with my usual m based on reviews about the waistband. i will have to disagree as i should have chosen s instead. i'm not going to return it, but i think this will really stretch out because of the knit and weight of the jersey.	Dresses
I am kicking myself for listening to an earlier negative review and not ordering this dress months ago. i finally took a chance on clearance and i love it! the knit fabric is soft and beautiful! so is the design and construction. the fabric is very light and delicate. all the details on the dress are just top notch. the body of the dress is lined, but the sleeves are not - so there's a slight see-through effect on the sleeves, showing the lovely and delicate knit. it fits like a dream, and i've	Dresses
All t-la's are great. but this one style is my fave. very comfortable, chic, and washes well! i got the grey, but i'm back to get more colors!	Knits
This dress is a beauty. i am 5'11" and plan to wear this as a tunic over leggings or straight leg pants. the embroidery is really pretty, even though it does run a bit big. i would have liked a size 12 or less but it was completely sold out except for a size 14. it is so nice, with gorgeous high quality denim that i will make the best of it - may need to get some tailoring but in my mind, this dress is so worth it.	Dresses
My absolute favorite dress yet from retailer! i wore it to numerous events this past summer and felt like $1,000,000.! glad it's on sale now for others to snatch up.	Dresses
I loved this top, but had to return because the stiff applique made me look like a linebacker! i wish it could have worked out, because this is a cool top. if this particular design works for you, go for it!	Knits
I did like this dress. it has a good simple shape, and is very comfortable. however, it's plain, and for the price and it being dry clean only, i'll wait to see if it'll go on sale. it's also worth noting that i'm 5'2" and was uncomfortable with the length of the petite, but the regular size was a good length (right at the knees).	Dresses
But-the problem is i cannot get the color to stay below the shoulders. the large appeal of this top is the over the shoulder look-but in just trying it on it would pop off the shoulders and make a cowl neck kind of top that didn't lay right. if it would have stayed it would have been a real win for me. i like the quality of the fabric and the longs sleeves, but i can't get the desired look to work out so this is going back.	Knits
Love this dress so much! i bought the cranberry color first, and i loved it so much, that i also bought it in black. i think it runs fairly true to size. i am 5'3" and about 110, and the xs petite fit perfectly. i tried the xs, and it was pretty large on my frame. i love the fabric and flow of this dress, and i love the pockets.	Dresses
I ordered the red and the the fit is great but the red is actually magenta, not red at all. i'm returning and ordering in a different color.	Dresses
Not for petite women, you need to have a long figure for this tunic to drape like it does on the model. if it ever goes on sale i will purchase it but not worth the full price for me at the moment.	Dresses
The material on this dress is gorgeous. so soft! the fit is flattering and casual and looks great with booties or high boots!	Dresses
The material and color of the dress were great, but the fit was rather blah. i don't think it was right for my shape. i am disappointed though, i liked design of it.	Dresses
I was a little afraid to order this dress online but my local store only had a small left, so i jumped hoping the fabled net would appear, and it did. this might be my favorite retailer dress thus far. i ended up buying a large due to the fear of the front being too short, it was a good call. i'm sure a medium would have fit up top but i have longer legs and i know i wouldn't have felt comfortable in a medium's length. plus i tend to like the oversized look. i paired it with some slouchy socks and	Dresses
I love the elbow patches on this shirt. i ordered the wine color, and it's dark enough to almost be a neutral. i've worn it with many things already. my only complaint is that the sleeves are super long. typically, long sleeved shirts are too short for me, so i'm guessing this one would be ridiculously long on someone with short arms.	Knits
An impulse try on that was immediately moved into the "yes i'm buying right now" pile. the tunic is so soft. i have worn as a shirt dress with booties and knee boots/knee socks. the fabric (while not the most forgiving if you buy this tight) is so soft and cozy. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, and the small hands nice and loose all around the body. when this goes on sale, i am buying more colors.	Dresses
I tried this on at the suggestion of one of the sales girls. i was skeptical of the simple shape, but when i put on the green one, i didn't want to take it off-ever. i am 6' and thin- the small fits me perfectly. i loved it so much, i purchased the blue as well. love, love, love!	Dresses
I have this dress in red and black and i'm contemplating getting the green one. it's amazingly soft and falls beautifully. really flattering and i just had a baby 6 weeks ago! it's true to size. i'm 5'6 and 138lbs and got a small. it should still fit fine once the rest of the baby weight is gone.	Dresses
As a busty but small-waisted girl, i normally would not wear a loose shift like this. however, it turned out to be perfect for hiding my early/mid pregnancy belly. the dress is extremely comfortable, and it will also come in handy in the postpartum months. in fact, it looks so cute that i might just add it to my regular wardrobe after all.	Dresses
This dress is casual enough to throw on as a cover up and dressy enough for a night out. it so comfy and versatile. will never go out of style. it does run large, but that is just the style of the dress. it really is the perfect summer dress.	Dresses
I really like the design and colors and the material is so soft and comfy. the top is a little on the short side so wearing a tank underneath is an option if you don't want your stomach to show when you raise your arms.	Knits
Didn't love it, didn't hate, rather indifferent. the grey was a little more muted than i wanted for a summer tee.i'm 5'4", 123lbs, 34a, the xs fit if it wouldn't shrink, if you're about this size but larger busted go with the s.	Knits
Not sure why this dress was once backordered? if you have a big chested basically falls from your chest straight down and gives you know figure. disappointing. i will be returning it. not meant for big chested fit woman.	Dresses
A slip underneath makes this dress substantial. it's a good 'weather' transition dress-fall/spring. the lace is very pretty and it's an overall great dress that will take you anywhere. i plan to wear burgundy tights and brown boots with ti next weekend.	Dresses
This is very large. i normally am a s/m and i took this in an x. it is a beautiful dress in color and fit but picks up any stain and i have had to have it dry cleaned after every use.	Dresses
This dress is amazing. i have it in almost every color. it is incredibly comfortable and versatile. you can dress it up or down. love it!	Dresses
I've been eyeing this dress for some time and it finally went on sale so i decided to buy it. i bought a size small and while it fits through the shoulders (which is the place i need a little more room) the body of the dress needs to be less sack-like for lack of a better term. i thought it would hide flaws, but unfortunately, it makes me look bigger than i am. it kind of bags out even at the back where the fabric is gathered under the yoke. that being said, i don't really want to return it beca	Dresses
I'm a little hesitant about the dropped-hem style but this drapes so well and looks utterly chic. i wore it to a poetry reading with some fluevogs and it not only looked good but it felt like i was wearing nothing. the material is beautifully soft and i love this particular shade of blue. will definitely be wearing this a lot.	Dresses
What more could you want than a dress that slips on easily, hugs all the right places and skims the others, feels like pajamas, and looks great for any occasion? i am about 120, 5'-1', 32 dd, usually a 4 petite. i ordered the petite small in navy and it fits just like the model photos. i tried it on in the store in a regular small and x-small, and could have gone with either, but the petite had better proportions, especially where the v-neck hit (i would have had to wear a very low plunge bra wi	Dresses
First i think this dress runs a bit large - i am 5'5" and about 140, athletic build. i tried on a l, m, s and ended up keeping the small. it is also a bit longer than i'd like, hits me in the mid-knee in the back hem, and barely above my knee on the front hem, not mid-thigh like on the tall model. i probably would have preferred a petite size but they were sold out. anyhow i decided to keep this dress because it is super comfortable but still stylish enough to wear to work. the slightly fitted a	Dresses
I love this dress! i was apprehensive about it at first, because of the light material and boxy style. turns out the material is very flattering, and it hangs very well. the style isn't as boxy as it seems. it still flatters the figure without showing all your imperfections and it doesn't fit like a tent. i am 5'4" and i ordered the petite. it's short enough to show off you legs, but not too short. for being less fitting, i like the balance of the short length, and it looks great with heeled boo	Dresses
This is great without a belt, with or without leggings. it drapes just right and is flattering for big busted, big behind women (like me).	Dresses
This is one of the best things i've ever purchased at retailer. it's comfortable, stylish, and flattering. i ordered it in black, and i'm now ordering the green as well. i usually wear small in the dolan line, and this is no exception. i am 5'2", 135 lbs, athletic build, and the regular small fits perfectly.	Dresses
I loved the idea of the placement print around the neckline and shoulders and even the nape. the print transforms an otherwise basic t-shirt into an eye catching top. it lacked in the length department, and there was extra fabric under the sleeves that wasn't flattering just above the girls.this is made by retailer brand postmark. i own several tops by this brand, and found that their printed fabric tends to fade out from wash #1. as is usual for postmark, the brand was not stated on the produ	Knits
This tunic dress is an easy "go to" outfit. it looks put together immediately. it is soft and comfortable. i ordered the regular xs even though typically i prefer petite sizing. this dress is above my knees in the front. i am 5'4" and weight about 118#. i would have ordered a petite size but had previously tried this on in the store and knew the regular sizing was a good fit for me. in the store i tried the taupe color which seemed a bit see through. i ordered the green and it is a lovely shade.	Dresses
This top fits nicely, lays nicely, and washed nicely! i purchased the same shirt in other colors because it was such a great purchase! i am short and it was not too long and not clingy.	Knits
True to size and lovely colors. bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it.	Knits
The material is soft (maybe not the best quality) and the cut is easy to wear. i have both colors and love them...they wash nicely and i like the "baseball" cut at the bottom. i especially like the print at the neck line...very cute and feminine.	Knits
I purchased this for travel for a work meeting, i paired black slim pants under with heels-i added a long simple necklace and it was perfection. after getting a little wrinkled in my suitcase, i simply hung up while i showered and the wrinkles fell right out.it was comfortable, traveled well, was light, but looked very professional. you could wear tights under with boots or i can see in the spring with fun nude shoes.dolan always hits a home run- every dolan piece i have i still wear, years l	Dresses
I've had my eye on this dress ever since i saw it in a fall catalog. my daughter's name is tegan and this is exactly the style i love - simple. when it went on sale i was lucky enough to find it in the green color i wanted at a great price. it is so soft and comfortable, yet flattering. it's a must have. now i want to get this in black!	Dresses
I love this top and cannot wait to wear it. the material is a nice weight, the color is pretty, and the fit is very flattering and comfortable. be aware that it does have an elastic waist and the design is very delicately sewn and could tear easily.	Knits
Loved this top on model. even happier when it went on sale. sort of boxy. but still excited, then within one day there was hole already in the thin tee fabric! disappointed. my other tees i purchased are fine.	Knits
I purchased this top in the white and love the contrast between the stripes and floral pattern around the neckline. it fit perfectly, however i'm concerned that it might shrink because then it would be too short. i am 5'3" tall, 120 lbs. and small busted. it draped really nicely. small would give me a little more length but may be too loose.	Knits
I bought this in the grey as shown in the photo as i'm not fond of horizontal stripes and i felt the striping would distract from the floral accent of this tee. the gray is light and as pictured in the photo.i bought an xl and the fit is tailored, with some loose flow to it. it is not boxy or big on me.the fabric is a soft, soft, thin cotton knit and very cool for hot, muggy summer days....esp. in the southern us where it can be pretty intense. since i bought the gray, it's not sheer, al	Knits
I love this dress but the top runs very small. i am 5'5, 102 lbs, small frame and the 0 was tight. 0 is my go to size at retailer. i had to return it. i wish i had bought the 2 now.	Dresses
I love this dress and was hoping to get it in more colors. i was bummed when my size xs regular was out of stock. i would've even ordered it in a s regular but that was out of stock too. please get more in...love the deep red color!	Dresses
This dress drapes beautifully and fits tts. i purchased the green colour in a petite small. for reference, i am 5'2" and 120 lbs. rather than feeling clingy, this dress skims the body and hides trouble spots while highlighting everything i like about myself. for that reason i went ahead and paid full price with no regrets. looks fantastic with black tights and black ankle boots or bare legs with cowboy booties. highly recommend!!!	Dresses
I wore this dress to dinner right after my boyfriend proposed to me! it will be perfect to wear to any bridal event like a bridal shower, rehearsal dinner or engagement party. i ordered a size 0 and 2. the mock neck is a bit snug. there wasn't any difference really between a size 0 or 2 so i kept the size 0 since it fit better in the waist. it's beautifully made and feels like it will hold up well. it's casual but still interesting. it felt just a bit above my knees. a perfect length. i paired i	Dresses
I'm 5'8" and a 2/xs and this fit well in size 2, waist was actually a bit loose. unfortunately the waist hit at least 2" too high -- on my ribcage. not cute or flattering. that was the only flaw. would be perfect on someone about 5'6". otherwise the dress looked exactly as pictured. love the boho vibe of this dress, the lace, sleeve length, and cotton material. could easily be dressed up or down. the style feels a little edgy - not too sweet. i am so sad to return this.	Dresses
I am a petite size 10 and 5&#39;1&quot;   i love the fabric and style of the dress, but found it to be too much dress for me. the skirt is very full and with the top i feel it would look better on a thin, taller person.	Dresses
I have a long torso and wider back/thick middle in proportion to my narrow tights. i was worried after reading other reviewers comments. for reference i'm a 2 in pants, 26-27 in jeans, xs in retailer tops but for floreat and maeve i'm always a 6. i ordered a size 6 and it was perfect. with my long torso i expected this dress to fit weird but it was perfection. in love. i wore it with faryl robin lace up sandals	Dresses
Lovely, lovely dress, great quality. unfortunately runs rather large at the hips. i wear a size 2 and the xs fit well in the chest but large at the hips.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in the red stripe and i love it. it is casual and easy to wear with flat sandals or booties. the dress is not really sheer like you might think from the picture and it included a nice knit under slip in a pale peachy pink shade that fits true to size as well. the dress has more of a soft woven cotton feel to it. the slip is not really necessary but nice that it is included. i looked at the blue color but it looks more like a tunic in the pictures. i think that the looks are	Dresses
I don't usually go for the "tenty" cut in a blouse, but this one has such pretty detail and with a little cardy, looks great! love the black and white detail and embroidery.	Knits
This dress has great details and fit well on my hourglass shape. it just felt too covered up at the arms/shoulders, though. if the sleeves had been shorter or it had been sleeveless i think it would have felt a little more modern. the waistband on the one i tried on was also twisted, so you might want to check that before you buy. fit is tts. a little on the short side.	Dresses
I ordered this in the red stripe material. i love it! it is so soft and easy to wear. i'm wearing it as a bathing suit cover. a nice pink slip is included.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to a fall wedding. it is absolutely gorgeous! the actual fabric is much more detailed in person. sizing is accurate. the dress is knee length. there is a little tulle underneath to give it the a-line shape.	Dresses
I saw this on the rack, and tried it on because it was just so beautiful. the beading and embroidery details are unlike any piece of clothing i've seen in a ready-to-wear store. it feels and wears much more like a couture piece.i wasn't planning on making such a big purchase, but it's just so beautiful i had to have it. i doubt i'll find another item of such quality and craftsmanship for the price.runs large- i'm normally a size 6 (135lbs) and the size 4 fit perfectly.	Dresses
I was hesitant to order this top since i didnt know how well the design would be made on the front. i liked it, but sometimes items are different when you get them. this shirt was as pictured! the design is well made and there are no stray strings and i think it's probably one of the nicer designs available. the top iis a dressier fabric but can be worn with jeans as well as dress pants. also, some shirts with this cut are skimpy in the front and leave more skin exposed than what you see here. t	Knits
I love this dress!	Dresses
I bought this top in the wine color. i just love it. as soon as i wore it i received compliments because it has so many unique details. i bought a medium and it was just the right size.	Knits
The fabric is breathtaking, both the jewel tone colors and the burnt velvet that would flatter any skin tone. as usual, eva franco clothes run small so i went up a size, size regular 6 (i am 5ft2in, 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips) fit well, the hem is below my knees, appropriate for work. but i think it would look better as a skirt or a sheath dress. the top part looks strange, does not enhance any curve and turns the dress to frumpy on short folks like me, thus one star off.	Dresses
I'm 5'5" and about 115, 35-36" hip and small bust - the xxs petite is a nice fit, and doesn't hang straight down as it does on the model. it has some shape around my hips, and the slit is slightly above my knee, overall legnth also shorter than shown (good). it's not colorfast when you receive it, so be careful wearing light colored underwear (and maybe wash with only very dark colors the first time or two). i tried a regular xs in store at first, and it fit more like the photos - more of a beac	Dresses
I saw this dress on the girl working the fitting room at my local store. she had it knotted in the front with some cute cognac sandals. i immediately fell in love! i tried on the xs, my normal size, and it fit like a dream. so comfortable!! it was a little pricey so i held off but couldn't stop thinking about it. i went back the next day, caved & purchased. it's one of my favorite dresses for summer now. i love this brand so i wasn't surprised!	Dresses
Love the detail of this top; however, it runs large and had no shape on me	Knits
I'm 5'10", approximate size of model pictured, however this dress is at least 3 in shorter on me. the fabric is a bit thin and the v-neck is quite deep...but i happily wore it on the beaches of puerto rico, added a jean jacket and epice scarf and wore it in paris. last week i wore it belted ( as i saw a sales associate in antro do) with an open weave sweater and flip-flops on a warm boston day. don't count it out yet, it really is a chameleon piece that you can wear so many ways.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress, as the length, cut, and color are exactly what i've been looking for. but i was terribly disappointed in how thin and see through the material is.	Dresses
The dress is very comfortable but runs a little big. i normally wear a 4/s and the small fits but doesn't have great shape. i'll keep it and wear with flip flops casually but was hoping it could transition out too. it's just not as fitted as it would need to be	Dresses
Love love! beautiful, soft, great color! very comfortable!	Dresses
I have worn this dress with a jean jacket, birkenstocks or a dressier wedged sandal. it washes beautifully and is super soft. would buy in different colors if there were more options. looks better in person.	Dresses
I bought this dress as a pool/beach coverup but it is so cute i think i will also wear it other times as well. it is very comfortable and lightweight. perfect for the hot weather.	Dresses
I adore this dress. i bought a little over a month ago and have already worn it many times- rare for me. it is so easy to throw on and yet it's stylish and flattering- i don't have the time or energy i used to get dressed up so i love this. when i bought it, it was knotted on one side in the front. that's the only way i wear it now. it just adds something to it and gives it more shape. i've washed it several times (laid flat to dry) and it has held up well. i'm definitely bookmarking this to buy	Dresses
This dress looks simple, but man is it unexpectedly sexy. and oh so comfortable! the deep v neckline and side slits elevate this from a simple tshirt dress to something else. add just the right accessories and this dress transforms. i have the xs and its just roomy enough without being clingy. and did i say how comfortable it is? the fabric is perfectly lightweight without being flimsy and color is a cool, saturated denim color. i receive compliments every time i wear it. love love love.	Dresses
Absolutely amazing! a must staple in every one's closet this season. i purchased the dress in a medium for a more relaxed look/feel. the silhouette is comfortable and makes for the perfect put on	Dresses
Tried the size small, regular. me: 5'6", 34/35a-28-36, straightish shape, broader shoulders.it's described as slim fit but i found the small to be a loose fit on me. i would almost consider trying the xs if i wanted something less baggy...but i think the style is meant to be very laidback. i tried to picture the extra material i had.the color is a lovely denim blue and the length on me was just as the website describes. deep v neck but not to the point where i feel i'd need a cami, those of	Dresses
This is definitely true to size. i tried both the small and medium on in the store and the small was too tight( this is meant to be a little looser like a tshirt) the medium was spot on. not too tight and not too baggy. i think it's a fun go to piece that can be worn with a jean jacket and sandels or booties. it looks like denim too which i wasn't expecting. way better in person!	Dresses
Loved the color. the fabric is soft and comfy. ordered in my normal size large but it clung in the stomach, hip area where i carry my weight. would have liked the slits to be higher. overall just not a good look for me so returned.	Dresses
The color of this dress is just so beautiful - somehow both rich and airy! i believe this is meant to be a more relaxed fit, but that isn't quite my style. so to achieve more of a silhouette, i was lucky enough to stumble upon an xxs-p (petite) in store. i normally would never even try something on in this size, but it looked pretty generous so i decided to give it a try. so glad that i did! it gave more figure and i liked the length a bit shorter. with this dress, i think you can achieve the lo	Dresses
Love this top! it's pretty, unique and well made. i did size down to a small for reference and still have a slightly oversized look.	Knits
Absolutely adore this dress. soft and comfortable fabric, ankle length but could be knotted in the front to be shorten. i am usually a s but had to buy an xs. the neckline may be a bit too low, if you are flat-chested. if you happen to see this gem in stores... it is a must buy! it will sell out completely in two days. some customer went back to exchange the next day that it had arrived in-stores but it was sold out, so we had to order it. perfect for all seasons and layering.	Dresses
I created a summer capsule wardrobe for travel and this t-shirt dress fits in with my collection perfectly. it is well made, super soft and comfortable, launders well, and does not require ironing. it is substantial enough to provide coverage across the posterior and the cap sleeves and length are fabulous for visiting sacred places and dining out or as a beach cover-up. i love that you can simply throws this on and go or dress it up with a belt, add a scarf or kimono, or a jacket and voila.	Dresses
Love this top. beautiful. received a lot of compliments.	Knits
I tried this on today and it was awesome! great color, great fit, thin summer material but not too thin that it was see through. the slits added a really nice design to this dress, very slimming. my problem is the deep v in the front. for small busted women this might be a deal killer. for me in the xs the v hung even below my boobs, no cami could fix that. unfortunately, cloth and stone tend to make their shirts and dresses with too deep a v, it's always disappointing for me because i love thei	Dresses
I liked the idea of this t-shirt dress for a great basic wardrobe staple; however, i feel that it was overpriced for the quality. it's a nice piece but i would wait for it to go on sale.	Dresses
Hesitated to try it on because it was "t-shirt dress" and my experience has been that fabric is unforgiving for dimples or imperfections  i was wrong with this one. it's great! color is nice. fabric looks textured bc of the dye. the neck line is perfect (i like a lower v) and the length is great bc of the side slits. i tried it on with the front panel knotted at the bottom (how it was on the hanger) and i love it. had to get. can dress up or down, but i'd say this has mostly a casual feel.	Dresses
I bought this well made cute top today and love it. it can be day time casual or dressy for dinner. you will want to probably wear a cami underneath since its see through. its perfect for summer! im a 36d, 5'7" 135 pounds, and usually wear a medium, but the small fit perfectly with room to spare. cuter in person.	Knits
I ordered an xxs online and it's still massive. the only thing i can use it for is a beach coverup. the embroidery is pretty but i will be returning.	Knits
I loved the criss cross part of this tank. however, it looked so frumpy on. the cut was just odd and if you are petite it felt like a tent. i was so bummed because that criss cross was awesome but it just looked so weird on. i returned it. the material felt nice too.	Knits
I love this top! the neckline is so unusual and so flattering. i am normally either a small or xs, but this fit great in the xs. i was also able to wear a regular bra which is always nice since i am large chested. great top...highly recommend.	Knits
Bought this tank on a whim, but i'm so happy i did! so flattering, comfy and well made.	Knits
I fell in love with the shirt when i saw it online; but, i was incredibly disappointed with it when it was delivered. on the positive side, the macrame is stunning. once again, there was way too much fabric which makes me look pregnant. most importantly, the color is not peach! it's almost a burnt indian red or brick red/orange. it was a disgusting color.	Knits
The material feels nice and i love the flared arms.	Dresses
I love the teal color of this t-shirt and the macrame design at the top is beautiful, however, the top is way too large. i usually wear a size xs or s in retailer tops, so i ordered the size s, there is so much fabric below the chest it fits like a maternity top. i know if i order an xs, i will have the same problem. below the bust, the top is not flattering and it&amp;#39;s a shame.	Knits
I looked at this dress for a long time before i purchased it because of the money. i wear a size 2p. was entirely disappointed in the style and construction of this dress. for one thing the lining is bulky and you could never wear it in warmer weather without burning up. the dress as pictured looks very feminine and light weight silk but there is just too much material going on--- thick and heavy. the overall fit was too big and very unflattering.	Dresses
Really like this tee but i do wish it was made of another material. i like the design. simple with a nice macrame detail. the material is a very plain with much to be desired. ultimately kept the shirt but would have loved it more if it was made with something that felt better quality.	Knits
I tried this top in xs in store. i loved the macrame detail and quality of fabric. it billowed out too much below the chest and looked tent like. my daughter laughed when she saw me in it- so did i! i didn't buy it. i'm 5'2", 115#.	Knits
I love the material of this shirt and i love the design; however, there is just too much fabric. it felt very boxy and gave me no shape at all. for someone who is petite this just wasn't flattering. i love the design idea though!	Knits
Lovey top in the photos. however, its fairly large and the chest area can make you look even larger. i'm 5'3, 118lbs, 36c. generally wear xs or 2s in retailer tops. ordered the xs but it was just too large and unflattering. the lace work is so pretty. it has potential but the design doesn't work well for some.	Knits
This is a very cute top. i am 5'4'', 170lbs, 34dd, and a large fit great. it fit perfectly in the chest, but the top is meant to be baggy at the bottom and long (it covers my bum). looks very cute with skinny jeans. love it!	Knits
This is a great, effortless top. you can dress it up or down and fits true to size. it's forgiving and the straps draw your eye to the most flattering part of the body. the fabric is stretchy and and comfortable.	Knits
This dress is as stunning in person as it is in these pictures! i'm petite, and so it's longer on me than it is on the model. i got a 4p and the waist was perfect! i thought it might look matronly as it was longer, but it looks classic. i feel like i could dress it down just a bit with flats and a cardi, or wear it to an event with heals and a wrap. it's so comfortable and forgiving in the waist and belly area, which is icing on the cake! i had absolutely no reason to buy it, but once i tried it	Dresses
The fabric is great. the design is fun. i thought the dress would be perfect for work and also wear for a fun night out. the fit was perfect up top but the bottom part was to full and a lot longer then i expected. so i had to return it.	Dresses
This reminded me of big bird in person and just adds volume to your body. i'm thin and usually wear a size 0, so i'm not sure who this may look good on.	Dresses
This dress is a winner! the material is not stiff like many neoprene dresses - it is soft and silky and has amazing drape. the dress is very flattering! the material is very stretchy even through the waist, so it is and easy "perfect fit" on different body types. i loved the shorter versions of the dress, but they weren't workable for me, but this length is perfect. and there are pockets that are sewn in with perfect detailing - they don't stick out or disturb the line of the dress.	Dresses
This dress fits really cute. i actually think it's cuter in person than on the site. really flattering. the skirt hits a few inches longer on me than it does on the model, so it's appropriate for work and networking functions. i'm 5'3, 110lbs. i got the 0 and it's great!	Dresses
This dress has a beautiful shape. it was a onesie in a store (only one they had) and i'm glad i tried it on. usually i'm a 6 or 4. this is an 8, and it's a perfect fit. definitely size up at least one dress size. the knit shoulders are beautiful and the belt is slimming. i love the writing on it. it's a classic dress and it makes me feel beautiful and unique.	Dresses
The fabric and color are absolutely beautiful. the shape of the dress is strange - fitted and tight through the waist, and enormous everywhere else. it was not flattering.	Dresses
I absolutely loved this dress, the style is flattering and the mix of fabrics and lace make it truly feminine and unique. the only problem is the bust runs really small. i normally wear a 4-6 in retailer but i ordered a 6 and and 8 and both were way to tight in the bust. very disappointed because i really wanted to keep this dress.	Dresses
I purchased this dress to wear to a beach wedding. i loved the color, the fit and the style. i even got a lot of compliments on it. the problem was that the wedding was on the beach, in florida 85 degree weather and when you are sweating the fabric changes colors and takes a really really long time to return to normal! unfortunately i had to return it. would be great to wear indoors, just watch getting water or anything else on it!	Dresses
I was very excited to receive this dress (online only so had to have shipped.) the colors are classic primary as shown. the outer fabric is heavy and canvas-like, but the lining is white nylon-ish. the length was good. the dress is nicely lined but sadly runs very small in the bust. i am a size 8 and a 34b and this dress was too small for me. i rarely have this issue. sadly, it's going back. i should have waited to read reviews and sized up. fyi the belt has a look that appears worn similar to p	Dresses
Such a beautiful dress with my favorite print! it does run a size small if you ask me. the size 10 i got fits more like an 8. the corduroy belt really sets the waist off.	Dresses
The pictures do not do this dress justice. this dress is gorgeous, the color is beautiful, and it is so flattering on. even better, this dress is machine washable! simply hang it up to dry and it looks like it is fresh from the cleaners. i love this dress so much i don't even mind that i purchased it at full price, and now it is on sale. buy this dress for a special occasion -- it is so special.	Dresses
This dress is beautifully made, and has a lovely sheen to it. it's elegant and can be worn on different occasions. it's a very feminine dress. i ordered the dress in a few sizes and a size 2 fit me the best as i have a small bust line.	Dresses
Mes demosilles style incorporates lots of material. this cotton layered, voluminous dress is an eye catcher but not for all figures. i like this bohemian style because it is different and can be worn with a belt to show off more of your figure or loose fitting. i ordered a 36 size which fitted perfectly around the bust but i have broad shoulders and there is no zipper. i had to purchase the 38 size so i could remove the dress over my shoulders without too much trouble.	Dresses
Whimsical and elegant. fits a bit snug in rib cage, but that works well for me. i'm a 32c.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely gorgeous! the top portion fit a little smaller than the typical size i order. the zip side was a little snug, but the fit is very flattering! the lace detail and belted design are very pretty. the skirt portion has more volume than i tend to like, but it is it beautiful!	Dresses
Hahaha..this dress is hilarious! it looks nothing like the image! i am usually a 0/xs, and 4 was the smallest size available, so i ordered it. when i opened it, it felt like 10 lbs of fabric. i thought maybe i ordered a size way too big, until i could barely squeeze into the top of the dress. once i looked in the mirror, i almost fell over laughing. the rest of the dress is huge. i don't believe this dress would be flattering on anyone.	Dresses
Great top. high quality. could use some stretch.  recommend it!	Knits
This is a great top except i wish it was a bit longer or i wish it came with a short tank. it hits right at my pants which wouldn't be terrible (although not ideal) except my tank that i need to wear under it is long and so i either need to tuck it in or it will hang past the shirt. neither is what i was hoping for. still like it so debating whether to take it back. i think at full price i will return and consider it again it it makes it to sale.	Knits
This top is lovely but also a little bit itchy. the detail around the neck is beautiful but it's very annoying. i can't decide if i will keep it or not.	Knits
This is too much fabric for me (115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist, short) even in the smallest size, but i saw another costumer try it on and it was sooo lovely. the fabric has a shimmery thread, very pretty. the cut was super flattering on her curvier body, it was gorgeous. she tried it on with boots, and also put on a long vest over it every way was beautiful, jsut not on me, sadly. so i say give it a try, may work for you.	Dresses
This dress is as comfortable as it is adorable. i am 6'2" and usually wear 12/14 but the 10 fit me. love, love, love this dress!!	Dresses
Super cute on. i love the print and the tie detail and the fact that the tie actually tightened which makes the waste adjustable.  the slip is a tad tight, but it doesn't bother me, its stretchy so it's not uncomfortable. i bought size xs-i usually wear a 2 in dresses. i usually buy petite because of the length but this fell about 2" above the knee on me which is perfect for work so i didn't need the petite. i am 5'3", 125 lbs. i loved the soft fabric-fine for year round in southern cal.	Dresses
This dress is lovely and easy to wear if you are short and you buy regular size (not petite). i am 5'1 and i bought the regular medium so the length of the front falls just above my knees. i can wear it to work without leggings. the other thing i love is it has pockets! and it fits generously - i weigh 140 lbs and will usually fit in a medium (if i don't breathe) and a large (if i use a belt). but in this size (medium regular - i can breathe! and i need a belt. ergo - i don't feel like i need to	Dresses
The design is very strange. the inner slip is quite form-fitting, but the dress on top was just massive, like a sack. on the sides were tassels that i could not figure out what to do with. they looked weird just hanging off the side, so i tried to knot them like a belt. overall, this dress was not attractive on. it looks much better on the model. the coloring on the snakeskin print dress is also different in real life, harsher red, blue, and white print not the dusty rose and plum pictured.	Dresses
Beautiful lace shell! great with jeans for a night out, or with a skirt for a more formal affair. good quality, not itchy.	Knits
I bought this dress with my birthday coupon, i love the design of the fabric, and i think the length is great. it's a lightweight dress, which makes it a nice for more seasons. sandals in the summer, light sweater in the spring/fall, and tights, slip, and heavy sweater in the winter. the underarms wrinkled a lot the first time i wore it, which makes sense because i was wearing a sweater. the rest of the dress did not wrinkle at all. very satisfied!	Dresses
I really wanted this dress to be perfect, but the skirt portion flares out in a way that was not flattering. the other reviewer is about 8 inches taller than me, perhaps it works better on a taller frame.	Dresses
Really wanted to love this top...it is beautiful with very good quality but...ran small and tight...also the bottom sides flare out as if it was stitched with too much material looking awkward...	Knits
Love the design of this denim dress. so unique! i did buy a size larger than i would have normally looked at based on reviews. if on the fence, go up but do get this one. it has no stretch, so a size 8 waist measures 15" flat, with 17 under the arms. not really for big busted girls. i am 5'8" and the length is right at lower knee. worth the sale price for sure!!	Dresses
This dress is fun and flattering. love the pieced denim look and the a-line style. unlike other reviewers, i found this dress to be true to size for my pear-shaped figure. the length is long enough to wear anywhere, and i think it would be flattering on a variety of ages and figures.	Dresses
I was very patient with this dress. i was waiting almost forever till this dress gets on sale. when i tried my usual 6 size it was way too tight but i could zip it. ( i am 5'6'' 145 lbs). the dress covers my knees and it's a perfect length, so when i sit it does not show too much of my length so it's a work friendly. it has side pockets, which can be very comfortable as well. the cut is great, it's a line,the thickness of material makes belly look great (in case if you care). i also like color a	Dresses
Purchased this in two sizes because other reviews said it runs small. i found that it was true to size for me .cant wait until it is warm enough to wear it!	Dresses
I love this dress because it is different and unique. i agree with others that the torso runs tight. i got lucky and it still fits snuggly. i think that's the look the upper part should get with the bottom more a-line and flowy. it's super cute though. the material is truly jeans material, therefore quite heavy and think. maybe not a dress for summer. more spring or fall with a little sweater.	Dresses
The lace on this is gorgeous. it's feminine and elegant and fancy! definitely know if peplum style tops work for you before purchasing. if you have a large waist, it will just make you look bigger. but the top portion is nice and fitted, so i think it's very flattering. i'm 34c, 140b and got the small. fits great.	Knits
I love holding horses and i am always be size 2 in their clothes (32dd, 5'3", curvy). i ran into my local retailer to grab a shirt they had on hold and had to try this on because it's so cute. i couldn't get the 2 zipped and it seemed to be rather narrow in the torso. such a bummer!	Dresses
Based on the reviews of others, i ordered this dress a size larger than i usually wear and it fits perfect. i am an 8, so i got this in a 10. this is the perfect casual dress for pretty much anytime of the year -can be worn with sandals in the spring and summer, or boots in the winter.	Dresses
Love this dress. very comfortable and stylish. wanted my size. but they only had a size larger available. still bought it, but feel good in it. glad i purchased it.	Dresses
After reading all the reviews, i ordered up a size. the problem isn't that it runs small. it's that they took the bodice of a true size and stuck it on the skirt of a small size. or if you want to think of it differently - the bodice of a large size on to the skirt of a true size. the 4 top with the 6 bottom would be perfect. unfortunately - you get a size 4 fitted bodice with a skirt that puckers at the back and shows all your flaws (spare tire) or a size 6 that is atrociously long in the torso	Dresses
After reading all reviews, i didn?t know what to expect, but i really loved the design so i ordered it any way. how positively surprised i was! this dress has a structure. the fit is great, just right in all places. the length hits right at the knee. i was afraid it would be too heavy for a denim dress, but it is actually thin and soft, not hot at all. for better understanding of the fit, i am 5?7?, 144 lb. and 34c. i?m between s and m in tops because of my wide shoulders, but size 8 in this dre	Dresses
The weight of this denim is perfect, thin enough for a nice drape and wearability for all seasons but still thick enough to be structured. though there is absolutely no stretch, which is probably why so many are finding it to run small. i am a true size 6, but find that most retailer brands run quite large, therefore i usually wear a 4 and that's what i purchased in this dress. the bodice is a bit snug, but not enough to size up, for me personally. i know it's mostly a spring/summer dress,	Dresses
Tried this dress on today in the store. i am a size 10, sometimes a size 8. the size 12 was the first size i tried that zipped all the way up. however it was still very tight around my stomach and bust. and then from having to size up, it flared out too much at the bottom for my liking	Dresses
Having read all the reviews, i still (bravely) ordered in a size 2 (i can be a 0 or 2 in this brand)...first reaction? adorable style. second reaction? who was the model for this? i am pear shaped, and not short waisted, but the waist is low, and the top is snug...afraid a 4 would be too much top, but don't relish constantly pulling the dress down to keep the waist where it should be. am going into my local mall store, to see if they do have a 4...perhaps that will be better. really hesitant to	Dresses
This gorgeous dress arrived today. the color is beautiful, but the sizing? way off. i cannot move my arms -- it is extremely snug across the shoulders. but, the rest of the dress is loose, as shown in the picture. if i went up a size to fit my shoulders, i'd be swimming in this dress. so, all you gals out there with anthletic tendencies: beware of this dress. it is for women without shoulders/with tiny arms. too bad. this is otherwise gorgeous & would look great worn over a sexy slip with the bo	Dresses
This color is perfect: deep and rich. it is exactly as it looks on-line. the velvet is super-soft on the outside, while the inside is more of a woven finish. it makes it a little less cozy, but the drape is great. the fit is slim across the shoulders and chest, and full everywhere else. the waist is lower in the back than the front, so it sits lower on the hip. i'm 5'4, 140, 34b, and i got a small petite, because i liked where it hit my waist better. this means i won't be wearing it without tigh	Dresses
I was looking for a velvet dress for the holidays. this one was beutiful in color and teksture.the only problem was that it was snug in the shoulders. going a size up would have made it too roomy elswhere.	Dresses
I was very excited to try out this dress. i've been looking for a velvet dress for a couple of years now, and.. i'm not digging this one. the fabric itself was a let down right off the bat. it's cheap looking to me. i've seen nice velvet and this is very shiny, thin, and slightly sheer! the dress cut itself is what i was expecting, a loose baby doll type dress. the length hit above my knees. the overall effect made me feel very "gypsy-ish"...my husband gave a firm no! when he saw me walk out of	Dresses
I can't believe the reviews this dress has gotten. i ordered it and was so excited to get it. when i tried it on all of my excitement was gone. while i love the color the quality just isn't there and its not worth the money even with the 25% discount i used. the fabric is not thick, in fact it is quite sheer for "velvet". i honestly wouldn't feel comfortable with out a slip on underneath this. second is the fit. i'm 5'6 32a, xs on top 4 on bottom and i ordered an xs and the way this hung on me w	Dresses
I've been searching for a velvet top or dress for awhile. this arrived yesterday and it's absolutely beautiful. the color is rich and the fabric is thick and feels and looks like a very expensive, high quality item. i got it with the 25% off promo but it's worth every penny of the full price. can't wait to wear for the holidays! get this dress!	Dresses
I love this dress--i saw it on the way out of the store and was struck by the gorgeous color and rich velvet fabric and had to touch it and then try it on. i did not find it to be tight in the shoulders at all, nor do i think it looks cheap--on the contrary. the shape is indeed boxy, but it is still very flattering and comfortable. i wore it to a christmas brunch and got a ton of compliments. the only drawback for me is that it has to be dry cleaned. for reference, i am 5'6 1/2" and usually wear	Dresses
Got this dress in the mail today, and will have to say that it is not the most figure flattering dress i own. my 5'5" athletic frame looks pretty boxy in this. that being said, the fabric is a soft, shiny blue/green. the garment swings nicely and has a slightly lower hem in the back (on me, anyway) and i think that's fun. who needs close fitting clothes during the holidays ? i'm keeping it. i plan to wear it with hot pink tights and boots.	Dresses
Either this rouching is going to accentuate your waist or it's going to accentuate the fact that you just had a baby and ate too much linguini. unfortunately i have 10 more pounds to go and sadly this dress pointed that out.that said, i had to give it five stars all around because it's good quality, design, etc.. it'll be great but not for me. got a medium and it fit nicely (with the exception of pointing out that i still have baby belly to lose)-- 5'3, 34d, 150 pounds. hope this was hel	Dresses
I am very pleased with the quality and fit of this dress.the reader outfits next to the listing were darling. i do not care for the model shot. i think the dress is true to size and well constructed.	Dresses
Oh look i have a booty and would look at that--i have a waist too! yes this dress is way casual for its price point (soft stretch jersey in a heathered wine color) but it's all forgiven because it fits me like a glove. i really love the gathered waist detail and what it visually does to my non-hourglass body. wish there were more colors available, i would pick them up in a heartbeat. i purchased the medium petite. my stats for fit reference: 5'3" tall, 140#, 36dd, 28" waist, 35" hips, wide	Dresses
I finally found this dress in store today and wow! i cannot believe this cheap looking dress is from ms! they have been among the top at retailer and this unlined, baggy, cheap velvet sub is a shock! what happened? only the color is nice. please get back to yourself ms!	Dresses
I don't know how this dress looks on your monitor. on mine - it looks dark green. which it is! i was pleased with this aspect since i had hoped it would be as pictured despite the color description as "slate." that aside, it was a bit too large on me, and since i am on the shorter side at 5'4", i looked a bit like a child's doll in it. i wish it had looked better on me because the color is beautiful, and so is the quality.	Dresses
Bought this dress in store after trying it on. loved it. it's sexy with the lower cut front. the fabric is flowy and breathable. runs true to size. usually wear a 10 with my hips but the 8 fit better on top.the sides are well designed so your bra doesn't show. i'm 5''6' 32g size 29/30 jeans and athletic/hourglass built. i can't wait to wear it out. the pictures don't do it justice.	Dresses
Ordered this is the navy in a size m.....i'm 5' 5", 135 lbs, 34d. it was huge!!! it is also very billowy but i'm going to try it in a petite s. i also changed colors to the ivory as the navy was really plain. hoping this size change works!	Knits
This top is wonderfully comfortable and well made. i've taken a few accidental naps while wearing it because i was just so comfortable. at the same time, i receive complements on the shirt every time i wear it. itt pairs well with so many types of pants. the only negative is that i only own one (the cream color). i regret greatly that i did not purchase it in all available colors when i had the chance! i really hope to see this top come back again later!	Knits
This runs very short. i had to size up so i could wear as a dress. still too short to wear to work with a cardi but adorable to wear to daytime summer events and date nights with hubby. i am 5'6". length may work better for shorter women. love the style and fabric. very feminine, float and easy to wear with sandals on a hot summer day.	Dresses
I purchased this in the light red, and love it!!! this top is so incredibly soft and ridiculously comfortable. definitely worth buying. the material is high quality and can easily shift from season to season. wear alone with shorts and wedges for summer or put it over a long sleeve top, or even a holding horses jean shirt with a pair of black leggings and boots for fall. absolutely love the softness and the consistency of the fabric.	Knits
This tunic is a great length - i'm 5'4" and it hits me mid/lower thigh. it's so soft and flowy which i love. i got a medium which is my normal size so i would say it runs a little big given that i'm almost 5 months pregnant with my second but it will still look and feel great post baby. arm holes are big but a cami can fix that. i got both colors available: the ivory and light red.	Knits
I *love* this tunic. i'm 5'5" and can wear it as a dress with bike shorts or leggings. it is so soft and comfortable, and i love the pink color--very versatile. my favorite thing about this piece--i am a 36dd and haven't bought a button down shirt in years until this tunic, which fits over my chest and is so flattering! many reviewers are saying that this tunic runs large--i agree, but for those of us who are busty, it's an opportunity to wear a cute, breezy style with buttons and a collar!	Knits
I normally wear regular s, but even the xsp is too wide on me. it is really maternity wear. also, since the material is thin, the ivory is too shear for my liking.	Knits
This dress is so beautiful in person. i actually am currently wearing it with jeans and i get so many compliments on it. this picture on the website does not really do it justice. very flowy beautiful top/dress.	Dresses
I agree with the other reviews! perfect color and weight to the dress. should wear well in summer and fall. i'm 5'5'' 34c 140lbs athletic and got the 6 regular. fit well and the length was perfect with flats.	Dresses
This top does run large. i'm 5'8 142 lbs and usually a medium. i bought a small and probably could have gone xs. that said, i love this top. its soft and comfy and swingy. i bought the light red and its pretty true to the online color.	Knits
This top is not quite what i expected, but it is good quality and very comfortable. looking at the tall, willowy model in the pictures, i thought the top would be about tunic length and hang straight down. in reality, the design adds volume to your frame by cutting out in a kind of a-line from shoulder to mid-thigh. in fact, the shirt is so long and has so much flare that i think if i had ordered the regular size rather than a petite it would actually make a cute dress. for reference, i'm 5'4" a	Knits
I like this top. another reviewer mentioned that it was a great top for a busty girl...i agree. i'm a 32g and could have sized down to a small, but i kept the medium because i wanted the extra length to have the option of wearing it as a dress. the small may have caused slight button pulling, but since the fabric has stretch and the top has a generous cut, it wouldn?t look insane. my only issue is the fabric pills. i wore the top once, and the fabric near the armpit pilled a lot, especially for	Knits
The light red color is really nice. i ordered an xs but usually order small, because of the cut and it was perfect. the fabric is heavy but loose. the collar stands up nicely and the buttons lay flat. i purchased this beautiful piece on sale, but i would have paid full price.	Knits
Beautiful dress. the details are lovely. it feels a little bit like a nightgown. i always wear a slip. bust does run a little small so i unbutton the first few buttons. armholes feel a little small also.	Dresses
I was excited to receive this tunic in the red (more of a rose color) yet so disappointed to find out how large it runs. my usual size with retailer is a small (sometimes, xs). after reading through the reviews, i ordered an xs and even the xs is too big -- just too much fabric. unfortunately, the xxs is sold out and the xs will be returned.	Knits
I love tunics and really wanted this to work. i got this in a size s and it is absolutely gigantic. everything else about it is great, and i still haven't decided if i will try to swap it for an xs, which is definitely not my usual size (which is usually m, but often s at retailer). the pink/red color was quite pretty. if you have broad hips, fear not - you can size down and this top will still be generous around your hips. basically, if you're deliberating between s and m for this top, get	Knits
I tried this on a whim during the sale with no real intentions of buying but the moment i put this on i feel in love! the denim is soooooooo soft. it is heaven! seriously one of the most comfortable pieces i have ever tried on. the fit is very flattering and it can be worn multi seasons so..... it went home! that night i put it on and walked doen the stairs and my two year old daughter said "mommy is so pretty"! . score! this dress is so simple and can be styled so many ways. plus it seems very	Dresses
I'm 5'9 and wear a size 12. this dress runs tts though there is no stretch to it, found the bust to be a tad tight (38c). it is light with good movement. i did not find it short waisted and i thought the proportions were correct. the length was just long enough to make me feel comfortable wearing it. i'm looking forward to wearing it to holiday dinners this season.	Dresses
This is a super cute tunic - it is simply way too big.	Knits
This dress is breathtaking in person: the back tie, the lace on the sides, the hem, the sleeves, the pleats at the chest, and the liner is opaque so it's not see-through. but it's very white, baby doll cut, and very short. in order to avoid the maternity, wedding-ish look, a few rules must be applied (thanks to retailer stylist ): buttons all the way up, a belt is a must to break the monotony of the all-over white and lace look. i purchased size 2 regular, and it still falls about 3 inches above m	Dresses
This is an understated elegant denim dress. the fabric color is just the right fade and thickness (not too thin and not too thick) which is appropriate for most occasions. it?s very soft and can get a bit wrinkly but nothing major. my local retailer has only the regular size and it's true to size, size 6 (my usual size for holding horses brand) fit well around the bust and waist area (i?m 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips; busty gals may want to size up). this dress shows cleavage so if you?re conscious like	Dresses
This was an unexpected surprise. i love the material of this short sleeved (almost sweatshirt) summer tee. the entire design reads late summer stripes with a cozy twist! the first time i wore it made me realize how tricky it can be to wear stripes and this design deconstructs all my previous hangups!	Knits
I love this!! great quality and super cozy. perfect to throw on for casual summer nights.	Knits
I was very excited about ordering this top as i'm tall girl (6 ft) and i like my back well covered. i liked both style and design of the top on photo but when the package arrived i was very disappointed with the material. this top is incredibly thin and see through. though fabric is nice and soft, it feels more like a pajama top. all curves & bumps immediately stand out and it doesn't look flattering. i ordered 2 colors grey and black size large and returned both, although they were true to size	Knits
This is definitely my go to top for work, weekends or night out with the husband. i've worn it with skinny jeans, black tights and skirts. it goes with just about anything. easy to accessorize with a simple long chain necklace or a statement piece. i think the gray combo was a bit more flattering than the green combo.	Knits
I love the colors on this dress, very nice on a pale skin. i ahd this in my wish list for so long, and it finally went on sale. i ordered it and was very pleased. only drawback is the collar was a little irritating (but i am ok with it). it fits like a glove (o), i didn't think it would as there are no petites, but that worked for me, the lace pattern is classy. and the hem is totally fun. great purchase (maybe petite would not have bothered my neck).115 lbs, 30 dd, 26.5 in waist	Dresses
Cute tunic. fits on the fitted side but i love it with a vest layered over. nice material.	Knits
Note: if you have a large chest, the seams hit in an unflattering spot. nice shirt, just not great for the price.	Knits
I agree with other reviews. this is perfect to throw on for running errands or just hanging out at home. super soft and comfy. got the blue and now want the grey.	Knits
This top is my go-to running errands top on the weekends, its super comfy and not to warm to wear throughout all the seasons. runs true to size and i get a bunch of compliments on the quality!	Knits
This long sleeved tee is soft and beautiful. the swing design is so pretty and flattering. the seams along the front and back are a lovely addition. i also appreciate the higher neckline, which is increasingly hard to find in these kind of tees. would love it in more colors. i bought the black. i tried the white as well, but it was too transparent for this particular style and the tank top underneath gave it a sporty appearance. not horrible, but not what i wanted, so the white went back.	Knits
Love this shirt. i have it in black. i have a larger chest, but i don't feel like the seams hit me wrong. this is super cute and swingy. i however think the price is way too high for a think cotton tee.	Knits
This is the most intricate, delicate, beautiful dress i have seen in a long time! the pale blue, coppery brown, and dark purple tones are so complimentary of fair skin, dark hair, and light eyes. unfortunately my normal size was far too snug, especially on my hips, and this is now sold out. the fabric has no give, so i would say with any curves, size up if you can find this beauty. i'm heartbroken to be returning it!	Dresses
I bought this tunic over christmastime at full price. i absolutely adore it! in my opinion, it isn't too thick or too thin. i got my usual size large and i think it fits perfectly! there are side slits, so it's perfect with skinny jeans or leggings. it's flattering because of the vertical stripes in the fabric. also with the grey color, there is a difference in the two fabrics that are used in the construction, so this adds some additional visual appeal. i haven't had any problems with snagging	Knits
I am in love with this tunic, i wear it with everything, jeans, leggings and just tights! super comfy, quality design. runs a bit large but i like that.	Knits
Comfortable and cute. versatile colors that can be worn with virtually anything.	Knits
I get a ton of compliments on this. cute and comfortable. you can't go wrong.	Knits
Fell in love with this dress when i saw it. beautiful design and flow. although it needs an underskirt, because it is a see through. also it is a bit tight on the chest section. i haven't wore it yet, so more to come..	Dresses
I love this shirt! it's a nice simple long-sleeved tee with some nice details. i especially love the seaming on the front & back-- very flattering!	Knits
I loved this top so much i bought both colors! soft and warm without being too thick or bulky.	Knits
This is a terrific top! the supima cotton is super-soft; the black, a deep black. i love that antho is listening, and that it's made in the usa! the lines and flow are beautiful and flattering. i bought the medium and am a reliable size 8 top/medium, 34f. the sleeves are nice and long. don't miss out on this classic tee, friends!	Knits
Great dress that is very flattering. works well with flats or can be dressed up with heels. perfect for travel because the material doesn't wrinkle. would highly recommend this dress!	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress! beautiful prints and design. i would say to size down though as it is rather flowy. i am normally a small and went to an xs, and it fits much better. this is definitely a keeper!	Dresses
I wish this dress was just a bit longer, it was beautifully made and i loved the colors, just too short for me.	Dresses
Just got this dress in an xl. i've never ordered from retailer before so i expected their clothes to run small. i was wrong. it's a beautiful high quality dress but i think it's just too big. i may end up exchanging it for a l. definitely size down in this dress!	Dresses
I love this dress so much - comfortable, flattering and really pretty. i wish i could buy this dress in every color!	Dresses
I love this dress. like another reviewer said, it's the perfect teacher dress. i wore it on the first day of school. it's comfortable and flattering and super cute. i received lots of compliments.	Dresses
I love the fabric and pattern of this dress so much that i decided to keep it (got it on mega sale), but i would have never paid full price or anything close. the armholes are enormous, showing bra and all. i am not particularly large chested (34c), and the buttons are stretched to gaping on me, even with the huge armholes. i have a cute red sweater coat that i will wear over it all fall, but i could not recommend it because of the poor cut design.pros: great pattern, fabric, pockets, true to	Dresses
I am a 36dd, 10/12 in tops and 12/14 in bottoms.i tried both the navy/red pattern and the green polka dot. color and patterns on both are gorgeous. the fabric is very comfortable and a nice fit on the bottom half. size large fit perfectly in the waist however i had gapping across the bust. size xlarge fit ok in the front of the bust, but was loose in the back, gapping at the neck, and the waist was very loose. cute and comfy but only recommended for smaller busted gals.	Dresses
The cut of the top portion of the dress is off. i tried on the s in-store & it bunched up in the breast area. i ordered a sp hoping the petite would fix the problem - nope - still bunched up. for reference i am a 34b. i would have kept the dress and given 5 stars if it wasn't for said flaw.	Dresses
The top is more of a cream color than an ivory. it's also a bit boxer than anticipated. fit is true to size.	Knits
I grabbed this dress in green when i saw it on sale (plus there was an additional percentage off that day online) and they had my size. while it's slightly loose in the body of the dress, that will probably tighten up after the first wash since it's rayon - then it should fit like a glove. i didn't experience the zipper issue - there is a hook & eye at the top to keep the fabric together, and the zipper was stiff so it won't unzip of its own volition. it is a tad bulky at the top of the zipper w	Dresses
I had been searching for an almost 50s style dress and i saw this one and instantly loved it. i wind up sending back so many things i get through retailer but this dress was everything i hoped it would be. i got the green one with the white dots. very comfortable, it just out a little with the hips because of the cut which is very 50s styling--it makes the waist look more narrow...	Dresses
I was expecting an ivory/white cardigan with some lace along the sides with a more slim fit. i am 138 lbs, 36b and normally wear a s or m so i ordered a m. the sweater is at least 1 or 2 sizes too large in my opinion and not at all a slim fit but more of boxy fit.the lace edges need to be trimmed up due to raw edges and strings hanging from them. also the color is difficult to detect online but i was surprised to see that it is ivory with gray stripes. not unpleasant but not as pictured. as	Knits
This is a very fetching little dress but the details of the fit, as described by other reviewers, is slightly off. i am 34d 5'5 and 140 lbs. the top fits perfectly but has an odd gap at the button placket. the fabric is nice enough but not exactly as i expected. one must have a very flat stomach as the top of the dress is not forgiving at all. the dress just wasn't me, i guess, so this one is going home to retailer...	Dresses
This is a great dress! it's comfortable, easy care, and it looks fantastic. i love the bright green color, it's easy to wear alone, casually, or dressed up with cardigans or jackets. for my climate, this is a year-round piece. i can tone down the color and layer for cool seasons, and wear it alone in warm seasons.	Dresses
This is a great dress; good quality fabric. the pattern & color are spot on. the silhouette is divine & would work on many body types. i also love the length!	Dresses
I really love the pattern and the look on the model, and i thought i would love it. i ordered online, so i did not try on in store. when i tried it on, it has way too much fabric around the waist and skirt. it is thick fabric as well, and has a lining, and the waist has extra fabric for the design, and it has pockets, so it all adds up to be way too bulky. it is not flattering at all and made me look 10 pounds heavier. i am returning this dress. sad, because it looks so lovely on the model. i am	Dresses
I got this in a l, and probably i am a m. however, the waist pretty much fit, but the bodice was baggy in a really bizarre way. i don't think a human could actually be shaped a way that would fit properly in this dress. this dress is well suited for a woman with a very large bust, but a small waist.	Dresses
I have been in love with white lace tops lately. i saw in the description that there was a "polyester lining" - i'm really not into wearing a cami all the time as it takes away from the lace (my personal opinion). so i'm a little disappointed there there is no lining. very pretty. styling is a bit more "swing".	Knits
I am 5'4, 34c, with a pear shape. this dress fit me perfectly in a medium (30 inch natural waist). i had to use a safety pin to keep the bosom from gaping too much, so a smaller chested person would likely not have any issues. however, the material and design were perfectly pinup and work appropriate, so i was willing to make adjustments for it.	Dresses
What a beautiful dress! after reading all the other reviews i ordered a size small petite. way too big. the dress sagged down so the waist was at my hips. there was a good 4 inches that i could've taken in. in addition the arm holes showed my entire side of my bra. even if i sized down to an xsp my bra would be visible. such a pity because i loved the blue motif.no issues with the zipper as others have mentionedfor reference i'm 5'2" 107 lbs average proportions.	Dresses
Wanted to love this- i did love the color and thought the style would work for anyone. but i tried it on and immediately took it off with a definite "not keeping this." the side zipper- a complaint by many, really made it uncomfortable. also, the detail under the bust would not lay flat and just looked odd. loved the material and definitely the green print. but i knew i would never wear it. just looked blah.	Dresses
I'm usually a small but the skirt of the dress was a bit loose and added love handles to my figure when i wear it. a smaller size would work better. it's cute and i love it but the material is form fitting and do a larger size isn't flattering. an xsmall for me	Dresses
This dress would have been perfect in a medium petite. beautiful dress, wish i had sized down	Dresses
I found this dress to be perfect for the winter season. its warm, sleek, and classy. this dress is made in the usa so it is worth the price. i love the opening on the back and find it be flattering. it can be worn with tights for the winter and easily worn without in the summer. a wise investment for my closet!	Dresses
I just got this top and can't wait to wear it for spring/summer! it is a lovely lightweight material and hangs loosely and comfortably. it definitely runs quite large so i would at the very least consider ordering on the small side of what you normally wear if not sizing down one completely. this is coming from someone who usually likes tops on the roomier side, so trust me on this! overall, i highly recommend this top if you're looking for a muted but unique, comfy top for the warmer months ahe	Knits
Little clack dress. classic shape but is pretty low in the v neck. i am busty (34dd) and need a "push-up" bra to make the neckline close. it's very easy to wear and super comfy.	Dresses
I'm 5'7", 130 lbs. i ordered a medium-regular. the dress fell three inches above my knees. this model is taller than i am, and it falls to her knees....doesn't make sense. i think retailer sends petites in place of regular.	Dresses
Although i am small (size xs on top, 27 waist) this dress is not flattering if have any fat on your body....i would not recommend it.	Dresses
I'm usually a petite, but bought in regular xs. perhaps a petite would have worked better, but this was way too low cut in front and back. i did not like the way it hung on me at all. i'm 5;2" and 105 lbs, but regular xs normally fits better than this did. i could barely keep the shoulders from slipping off. sorry, it's a return for me.	Dresses
This dress looks so elegant and perfect for transition from work to night. it looks great on the model but it looked terrible on my. it's a lovely material but the middle added girth to my stomach area which i did not care for.	Dresses
I was disappointed when the dress came in the mail. it was much shorter on my than on the model in the picture. (i am 5'5") the detail of the dress and fabric shown in the picture is not as prominent in person which was also disappointing. the dress is just average. i didn't not return the dress...it looks much better on my younger sister (who is the same height) so i gave it to her. i guess it's just not the right dress for me.	Dresses
I got this number in the turquoise and i hadn't expected the skirt to be ribbed! are they all like that? retailer was out of the petites, so i sized down in a regular instead -- yeah, that didn't work. i definitely needed the petite version and perhaps should have even sized up. the bust was scandelously tight. in the end the dress wasn't flattering on my figure the way this style usually is on me -- the proportions were off somehow. it's just not one of those dresses that curvy petite girls shoul	Dresses
This dress hits flatters the whole body. love the three quarter sleeves, love the relaxed fit of the bottom half. love how it is fitted, body conscious around bust. super flattering. the teal color is particularly gorgeous. a color that would suit a lot of different skin tones. this is a no-brainer dress that you will reach for in your closet every single time.	Dresses
I never write reviews	Dresses
I've got the post-baby bulge and this dress makes me the hottest i've looked in a long time! fitted, but skimming where i don't want to be accentuated - it's a rare dress that can pull this off! the cleavage is there, so i think it's more of a night dress, but i'd wear it with a sweater during the day. very comfortable.	Dresses
I'm a 34c and 136 lbs. i bought this in m in two colors because i love it so much! the fit is so flattering and the material is so soft and comfortable. i continue to get the best quality and fitting dresses from retailer!	Dresses
This dress was ok - i thought the fabric was soft, but not my favorite. it's a pull on dress that would be easy to dress up or down. but, i have bigger hips and this dress was really not flattering on my - would be better on a different body type.	Dresses
I was excited about this - - such a lovely look online. but on me...it was just meh. i'm a little heavy right now so that could be playing into it...but i will say i loved the top part of the dress. very flattering and subtly sexy. but the bottom..it just hangs like a rag. it needs either more material for a swishier effect...or it needs to be a different material. or maybe knit just doesn't work on me in the form of a dress! the knit is nice but i kind of also feel like it is chintzy...i can't	Dresses
The dress fits true to size and is pretty comfortable. i did look kinda matronly with my 34d chest. it's a good basic to have on your closet, but i ended up returning the one i bought. it didn't feel special enough to keep.	Dresses
I got this dress to wear for christmas and it is perfect. looks great and is very comfy. low cut in front and back that is not too revealing and allows for perfect bra coverages. i got it in a small small.	Dresses
Extremely soft and comfortable. fit very well. should travel really well.	Dresses
I loved this but it made my stomach look a lot bigger then it is. i would recommend going up a size in it	Dresses
I hate buying dresses because i rarely find one that fits well. i'm very petite on top (xsmall) and small/med on bottom, 5'8". usually dresses are tight on my hips & thighs and loose up top. this fairly lightweight yet warm dress is such a winner! form-fitting yet stretchy and forgiving in all the right places. the x-small and small both fit pretty well but i decided to go with the x-small on this one. i think this will be a staple winter/fall dress. loved the fit so much i bought it in the peac	Dresses
The dress is well-made and very nice, just didn't suit all of my lumps and bumps. wasn't super forgiving. also, i'm 5'8" and it was a bit shorter than i expected. otherwise, a great dress!	Dresses
Looks professional but wears like a sweater! so comfy!	Dresses
This dress is comfortable and a great go to dress to wear to work and then after for drinks with friends.	Dresses
While this shirt does run a little large, i am 5' 0" and ordered a petite small, it is perfect for layering under a loose cardigan. can be dressed up or down- looking forward to wearing it this summer!	Knits
I'm always thrilled to find a piece like this at retailer - just received my dress and couldn't be happier! beautifully made and fits absolutely perfectly. i'm 5'5" 118 lbs. and am very comfortable in the small (with a little breathing room). length is perfect with heels. planning to wear it with sandals to a birthday party this month and then into fall and winter with boots and a top layer. if you're hesitating, go for it!	Dresses
I am 5'7, 115 lbs, and tried on a 0. the dress (red) looked great and i loved how it had a slimming effect, and i could wear this to work and the length is appropriate. it fit great, but it was a pain to get out of for some reason. i tried to get out of it through the bottom, but it kept getting stuck on my hips. i eventually got it out through the head, but it was such a pain that i just got frustrated. the fabric is okay- i expected a slightly better quality fabric for the price.	Dresses
I love how comfortable this dress is, it does run a little large so i would order a size down. i'm 5'3" and around 125lbs and had to exchange the xsp for an xxsp.	Dresses
This tunic is perfect from the waist up. the problems comes in with the pockets. they make the tunic bulky around the hips and who needs bulk there? the tunic is a little more gray in person than what it appears to be in the photo. i usually wear an 8 or a medium. ordered this tunic in a medium and i think it runs just a little big. i may try this in a small. if that doesn't work, i may consider having the pockets removed in the medium. just wish is wasn't so pricey for all the extra work. but i	Dresses
This was a winner retailer!!!!! bought it with my birthday discount. a bit pricey, but when i wore it (over and over again) i can see why. the material is so soft, flows beautifully and is just the right length on me. i am petite (5'3") slender at 115 and i wear it with wedge heels, just like the model. i did iron it when i took it out of the package but have not had to iron it again.i have received many compliments on this dress. bought the washed denim look.thank you!!!!	Dresses
This tunic fits exactly as shown and is so comfortable. the fabric is soft and buttery, and the lace up front is a awesome detail. happy that i went with the non-denim color because it's a gorgeous rich color that i think will transition well from season to season. love a good, cutr machine-washable tunic!	Dresses
Definitely a great silhouette. overall, it's just a really classic look that can hang around in your closet for years before it looks dated. that said, it runs small. i often have difficulty with clothing like this since i'm a 4-6 on the top and a 10-12 on the bottom (5'7" --- 35" 28" 41"!!!). my booty is definitely pushing some limits in this dress, but it does fit wearing a 6. shapewear to the rescue. conversely, my shoulders are petite, so the shoulders are a bit large. try this dress on in m	Dresses
I'm 60+, in relatively decent shape, 135 lbs, and size 6 is perfect. i went for the regular rather than petite sizing, which came well below my knees, and although i would usually have a sheath dress like this hemmed up to that slim part right at the bottom of the knee, the slim silhouette shape served to lengthen the profile as a longer dress, so i left it about 3" below the knee. the stretch allows it to hug the body, and with the right undergarments, it is super comfortable and attractive. go	Dresses
I love this tunic in the carbon color on the model. the color does look different in person, more of a lighter gray. on me, the tunic runs very large. i am usually a small or medium but took the extra small in this and still have room. i agree with the other reviewers about the pockets. they do add bulk in the hip area so if this is a problem area for you, i'd avoid this tunic. overall, it's a nice tunic for everyday wear. the tie-neck adds a nice detail and makes the tunic stand out. it looks g	Dresses
I bought this dress for a trip to the caribbean and really enjoyed wearing it.i was worried it might look like a "sack" but i think it is both slimming and flattering. i love the interesting neckline and rolled up sleeves!! a winner.	Dresses
I so badly wanted this dress to work for me. the material and color is so beautiful. this had a 'sack like' fit and the side pockets accentuated my hips giving me a broader look than i would like.	Dresses
This dress needs such a specific body type but that's not to say it isn't for everyone. this dress is lovely but it's a dress that you need to try on in multiple sizes to figure out which will fit. i tried this in three different sizes to find the fit it was supposed to be. i had to size up and go to petite size. i do vary between 6 and 8 and this one i ended up getting an 8p. this dress is lovely but it is a trial and error dress so don't get discouraged if you have to size up it will look love	Dresses
I ordered an xs regular and it barely skims the floor when i'm wearing wedges or heels - perfect! it's form fitting but not clingy, and i think it's a pretty, comfortable dress. glad i made the purchase!	Dresses
This dress is really simple and elegant and i want to love it but i'm having a hard time getting it to fit right. i'm normally a size 4/6 and i bought this in an 8 and couldn't zip it up. i'm a 36d which is part of the problem so i exchanged it for a 10 and i can now zip it but the bar in the back i thought would cover my bra strap but like other reviewers mentioned its a bit high. most of my bras fall right into the hole beneath the bar. its unfortunate because i wanted to love this dress. i mi	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to a funeral. i usually wear a medium but when i tried it on it was way too big so i exchanged it for a small which fit perfectly! the side slits make the dress a bit sexy and the styling is boxy but very comfortable especially with the pockets! the fabric lies beautifully on the body. i would recommend this dress.	Dresses
This dress is perfect for anyone with an hour glass shape,it is true to size, i am 5'3 and 125b the 2 petite fit perfectly. the fabric has a little give to it so if you have hips and a chest it will stretch a little without feeling tight and dress sinches in the waist creating a beautiful silhouette. it's the structure of this dress that makes it elegant and sexy. this dress is so figure flattering, i could not believe how many complements i've received on it.	Dresses
This shirt is so soft and buttery! it fits tts and just as shown on the model. for the sale price, this shirt is a gonga! good go-to shirt on those days where you're just not sure what to wear. one thing that slightly bothers me about this shirt is that the arm holes are a bit loose, so you can see your bra. i think if you wear a black bra with it though, it would be fine.	Knits
1. i'm 5'5" tall, 140 lbs and 38 (36d) - 32- 40. i'm normally a size 10 in most brands, and in maeve in the past. this dress was too tight across my waist and hips in a size 12, so it runs very slim.2. this dress is very long waisted, so the top bunched up funny.3. the horizontal bar in the back is in the wrong place, and will not hide your bra strap.4. there are bra strap keep loops in the shoulders, but this is an off the shoulder top.5. the underarms bunched funny.6. the dress has h	Dresses
I love this dress, it's the right length and its very soft and comfortable. it is not really denim, just a soft grey material. i tried on the blue one in the store before ordering the grey and found that the small fit better than the medium - i'm typically a medium. usually in this brand i have to size up but in this case i sized down :-)i highly recommend this dress is you are looking for a simple shift dress that you can just throw on and go.	Dresses
The dress is beautiful, i wanted to like it and could hardly wait to reveive it. it fits beautifully, and snug except around the arms where it is huge. i could only wear it with a tshirt underneat.	Dresses
Like the other reviewers, i opted for the grey version. almost every tunic dress i've tried winds up looking like a sack when it's on my body, so i was very pleased when this dress looked pretty great. the neckline is perfect - nice depth and addition of on-trend lacing - and the length (love the shirttail hemline) is also perfect. the drape of the material keeps it from looking like a shapeless bag. my only comment #and it's quite minor - i'd give this 4.5 stars if i could) is that the pockets	Dresses
The dress is well made with a great material. it is extremely long and unless you are tall it would overpower many petite women. i returned it.	Dresses
Lovely dress. i was a bit hesitant as a reviewer mentioned the fabric being irritable but luckily i had no issues. the regular is long and i have to wear it with my wedge, but i'm ok with that.	Dresses
Love the tegan tunic version of this dress. i assumed since it looked identical except for the length that the sizing was the same but i was wrong. this runs so big! i got a s in the tegan but the s in this dress looked like an oversized potato sack on. i highly recommend ordering at least 2 sizes down unless you want to look tent-y.	Dresses
I like the unique design and it's warm and cozy. i wear a medium 95% of the time, but had to exchange this for a small, but the sleeves are still long enough. it sheds a bit, but i'm guessing it will slow over time.	Knits
Delayed for a month on back order, this dress was worth the wait! the beautiful design and colors are just as shown in the pictures. the length and cut is slimming, more fitted at the bodice with a subtle flare after the waist. detachable liner dress is a stetchy tank top that goes to the knees. pullover style with a closed-end side zip that's needed because the knit band design under the bust does not stretch at all. if your skin is sensitive--this dress isn't for you. both the line	Dresses
Love this dress! it can be dressed up or down and its very comfortable. i got the ps, but could have probably fit into a pxs since the style is rather loose.	Dresses
I'm happy the other reviewers made this dress work because it looked terrible on me. i'm 5,9" and 128 lbs and it made me look like i had gained 25 lbs. as others have said, the pockets make the dress even worse-it's very hard to get them to lay flat. the material is lovely, soft and i liked the gray color, but this dress made me feel like i was wearing something from an asylum.	Dresses
I tried this dress at the store and fell in love with it but they only had the red dress (my size). trust me, the red is absolutely beautiful but i needed a black dress so i purchased it online. i just can't wait for it to arrive!it fits perfectly and it's so classy.	Dresses
This dress is amazing! i have a b cup and didn't quite fill out the top enough. but that is a small tailoring fix. i am completly in love with this dress and recommend it highly	Dresses
What the picture doesn't show, is that there are pockets on the side seams that do add a bit to the hip area. also, the dress runs very large, in my opinion. i ordered a medium (my usual size) and everything was loose. i am going to exchange it for a small and hope the proportions stay the same because it's very pretty.it is very boxy, and kind of nightgown looking when it's big, so if you wouldn't want it to cling a bit this might not be a good dress. the fabric is gorgeous and soft, but be a	Dresses
Aesthetically pleasing and very well-made. love it! but, does run large.	Knits
I can't wait to wear this,but it has been to hot in the south.you can wear this so many ways.the material is wonderful, and the pattern better in person.	Knits
This piece is a great, easy throw on that allows you to still look polished. it's heavy weight is a perfect substitute for a coat on those in-between fall weather days when you don't want to lug a jacket around. lining is super soft and makes it so comfortable to wear.	Knits
Loved this online and even better in person. inner lining is like a cozy sweatshirt!	Knits
I agree with previous review...looks so much better in person than online! i really do not need another poncho style sweater, but i could not resist. they colors and style are great!	Knits
I ordered a large and despite wearing a large in many other items from antrhopologie, this item was too small, especailly across the bust. it was very well-made and the color green is beautiful, but unfortunately, i will not be able to wear it. so disappointed.	Dresses
The fabric is really gorgeous, and the lining is lovely and soft. unfortunately being on the petite (short) side, it just didn't look quite right on me. i felt a little swallowed up. i wish it had worked because it's so lovely!!	Knits
I have been admiring this piece for awhile and finally decided to purchase it, and i am so happy i did! the yellow is the perfect pop of color for fall/winter, but it isn't overwhelming or overpowering. fit is oversized (as is in any poncho style sweater) but it doesn't feel boxy or unflattering. if in between sizes, definitely go down. i like things oversized and i went with the xs/s and it fits great. this will be a go to piece for many years to come!	Knits
Absolutely lovely! even better in real life. this is not your typical cheap, flimsy dress. this is quality! the fabric is interesting, the color is gorgeous and the styling is flattering. pay attention to the length ? there are miles of fabric in that fortuny-esque skirt and the model is very tall. i am 5'5" and slim, and ordered petite small, and it's a little longer on me than it is on the model. i don't mind. i've been looking for a special-occasion dress for a long time and knew this was it	Dresses
Walked into the retailer store in new york, while on vacation, and saw this on display. had to try it on immediately and loved the look. received several compliments from customers in the store. it's beautifully made, soft on the inside and makes a great statement piece that i will enjoy for years to come!! you will need to size down cause it runs large. i love it............	Knits
I really loved the look of this dress online and couldn't wait to try it on. based on my measurements i ordered a petite medium, following the petite size chart. the dress was the perfect length for my 5'5 frame, but it was just way too loose and not flattering on my figure. i'm 36c-32-37 and i looked like a sack of potatoes in the dress. the fabric and lining feel great though. i just wasn't the right fit for me.	Dresses
This cape/poncho item is totally amazing. from the moment it whispered over my head as it slipped past my hair, i knew i had to have it. this piece is magical. it feels like you're wearing a blanket (the warmth factor), but the length is so perfect that it doesn't overwhelm you, nor does it make you look like a tank. the colors are amazingly saturated and the quality is so worth the price. the model is wearing it with light brown, but i tried it on over black leggings in the store and it works w	Knits
This dress is a beautiful color and is so lightweight and flowing. will be perfect for a fall wedding that i am attending. it is supposed to be loose so i think it is relatively true to size if not just a bit on the large side. will look great with a kimono or other wrap when the weather is a bit chilly.	Dresses
This top is so lovely, but runs soo big. i ordered it online and was so surprised when i tried it on at home. i'm normally a size 14, and i was positively swimming in this top. hoping to exchange for a petite sm.	Knits
No, but i'm not a small person. i'm 5'8, a size 6 on top, 8 on bottom. i don't love this on the model online, but i saw this on naomi's blog, love taza, and thought it looked amazing. i tried it on in my retailer, and while they only had a m/l, since i'm tall, i figured that'd be fine. oh. no. not fine. it's huge. like, it could almost cover a twin bed. it was a couple inches longer on me than on the model, and doesn't arc down in a drape nearly as well, so just looks, huuuge. i thought i was bein	Knits
Perfect dress for the hot late summer/early autumn weeks! this beauty is flowy and rich in color. the tie back is adjustable which i love due to my weight fluctuations. because of the tie, length can be adjustable too! i'm short so the decision lies on what shoes i want to wear and how high i want my hem. this dress looks cute belted or with my cropped moto jacket thrown on top. all in all, i really like this dress and i see it staying in my closet for a long while if the horrid viscose construc	Dresses
I bought this on a whim, and i love it. the colors are much brighter than the photo would indicate. it's definitely a poncho - oversize is the name of the game - but it's cozy, gorgeous and i wish i could wear it every day.	Knits
The details on this dress were pretty, but it was super poofy and i felt like it made me look bigger than i am. maybe if you have a straight body and want to create curves this would work for that, but not great on an hourglass/pear shaped figure. fits tts.	Dresses
This dress was exactly what i was looking for- a rich, luxurious fabric, a deep neckline, and a tightly cinched waist. i have a full bust and, while the snug waistband was a negative for some reviewers, for me it is a little miracle. this dress fit like a glove and was flattering in my usual size. thank you!	Dresses
I thought the design of this dress was distinctive, and it did not let me down. there is no zip so if your chesty like i am it may be a little difficult to get on, but i wouldn't sizes up because then it would be too big and balloony. i'm 5'5' and i got the petite which hit me about 2 inches above my knee. material is like jeans and consequently not see-through at all. even though it is quite expensive, there is something special about the dress.	Dresses
I tried this on in store after falling in love with it on the rack. the dress is beautifully designed and has elegant, subtle features. i am normally a 2-4 in retailer dresses, but the 0 was the closest fit on me. unfortunately, this dress fit very strangely. the waist on the dress was way above my actual waist, which was unusual given i have a very short torso. it also had a strange fold right around my belly button, which was very distracting. i'll put this all down to my extremely straight and	Dresses
Tried this lovely navy dress on in the store in a size 6 and it was perfect. wish there had been a petite available to try since the hem fell below the knees on me and it would have to be hemmed. the crisscross on the front is very flattering to the waistline and i love the see through fabric along the shoulders and back. it's stretchy too!	Dresses
This is such a great work wear piece for me. it's form flattering, well constructed, comfortable and truly elegant. this is probably my 5th or 6th dress from the moulinette soeurs line and i am consistently impressed with the quality and wearability of these clothes.5'7" 127lbs 34b wearing a size 4	Dresses
This dress is perfect. it's ridiculously soft (i felt like i was wearing pajamas) and it fits perfectly. the quality is great; well worth your purchase.	Dresses
This dress fits beautifully. the fabric is thick enough to feel significant and not flimsy, but the dress doesn't feel heavy at all. the detail is gorgeous, but still subtle. it's a little too nice for me to wear to work, but the perfect special occasion or party dress	Dresses
This dress is amazing! i bought this dress for my daughter for her college graduation. it fits like a dream. she normally wears a size 2 but i got the 4 which was perfect. with the slightly longer length, it is very professional but with the lace cut outs is great for a party, as well. it is very flattering and well made.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress in the store and have been so excited to receive my size in the mail, but the proportions are all off! even the petite size is too long in the torso, and the regular is laughable for anyone that isn't an amazon princess. and i'm not even that short (5'4")!curvy ladies, also keep in mind that though the rest of the dress stretches nicely, the grosgrain ribbon detailing in the midsection does not, and will cut into any extra flesh hiding out on those hips. i would	Dresses
I really wanted to like this dress. the color is perfect, the design and cut are cut (not always the case at retailer). however, the fabric quality was terrible - a shiny acrylic with cheap nylon lace. it looked like something from a discount store and had to go back.	Dresses
Boy is this a winner. the fabric has quite a bit of stretch, so it is form fitting but with enough structure that it doesn't make you bulge out in weird places. i can wear it with a blazer as a (admittedly dressy) day-to-evening look, and i can tell i'm going to get a lot of mileage out of it for the season's holiday parties. i am bigger on bottom than on top, and sometimes that can end up with weird bagginess around the bust for me, but not with this dress. i'm tall #5'8) and so the length is g	Dresses
Great dress. wonderful on hourglass and skinny straight shaped girls.love the color combination and fit.	Dresses
Love the fabric and design of this dress, very unique and comfortable. it is not lined, which explains the lower price when compared to other well fashioned dresses. i wore it successfully with stockings and no slip and it did not ride up or cling strangely. the fabric is stretchy and form fitting without feeling tight. the ribbons that define the detail around the waist were a bit snug but we're not uncomfortable. they define the waist very well. i am 5'7'',127lbs, athletic build and the 4 fit	Dresses
I can wear this to work or dress it up as a cocktail dress. the fit is great, and the quality is very high. am usually a 2 or a 4, depending on the dress, and the 2 worked better in this one, so if you are between sizes, i would size down.	Dresses
I cannot say how much i love this dress. i purchased it in mid-november and i'm wearing it for the 4th time this evening, which prompted me to write a review. it fits tts. the stomach area is slightly unforgiving, but due to the dark color, it's not at all a deal breaker. plus, it's a great dress to wear with opaque tights, which solve the tummy issues as well. what i love most about this dress is its ability to go from day to night/less formal to more formal. it looks great with edgy black ankl	Dresses
So, when i first found this dress it was already on sale and sold out in petites. for reference i am 5'2" and currently weighing in at about 108, and my bust is a 32d. the store near my work has a petite shop (thank goodness) so i headed there after my day. they didn't have it in my size but they did have the regular sizing in a 0, which i promptly purchased.the crossed part sits a little higher than my natural waist, but i think for someone with a slightly smaller chest it would hit spot on.	Dresses
I am very petite (5', 96-100 lbs) and find this to be pretty formfitting (not in a bad way) - a rare feat for petites! it is very comfortable - soft, sweater-like material and texture, which does make the dress feel slightly cheap to me, but it doesn't make it look cheap. it's also beautifully patterned in person, pretty true to the online photo, with the only difference being the dress is darker in person, so i don't feel the blue stands out as much as it does on the online photo. the length is	Dresses
I thought this was so cute online, sweet and feminine, but when it arrived and i tried it on in my usual 12p i felt like i had just stepped back into freshman year of highschool - it is very early 90s - not the bohemian i was going for. it is also very high waisted, even for my little 5'1 frame. i truly felt like they pulled this out of someone's closet, dusted it off and said, ta da! as much as i love rachel and monica i have moved on from their clothing :)	Dresses
I am in love with this top. i was a little nervous because i'm on the bustier side (34d/dd) but it works for me so i say give it a shot--you never know. i'm hoping for more tops like this in the fall line.	Knits
I love vintage lace so i was very excited to try on this dress. unfortunately, it just didn't work for me. i'm a larger, busty lady (size 14) and i tried on the xl. it fit fine, but did absolutely nothing for my figure. it just kind of hung on me. even with the belt tie i still feel like it didn't accentuate my waist line. i think this is better for someone with a straighter figure.	Dresses
Very fun shirt. is see through beyond lace so need to wear black tank or black bra. very comfy, flirty and feminine. tts. flowy fit like on model.	Knits
Finally saw this dress online. i have to say that it looks better in person. the model might be too tall for this dress. i am 5'4''. it's right to my ankle. the color is in a nice off white. the material is a good quality. the overall cut is nice. it's a kind of classic feeling.you could wear it for a long time without going out of style.	Dresses
I was going to re-turn this.top i was really on the fence. so glad i didn't, it is.comfortable and easy to wear. lace is a little restrictive, but willing to over look it because i look so cute	Knits
This top has nice quality lace but the layout is strange! it wouldn't stay under my boobs but kept creeping up and looked strange! not for girls with a chest!	Knits
What a huge disappointment! i was really looking forward to wearing this top but it is very tight and awkward around the bust. if you have any semblance of a chest, this is not for you! i am a 38c and this was a no go. the quality of the top seems to be top notch but the fit was just no. it felt restrictive and it was hard to even move my arms and i have slender arms.	Knits
Retailer has incredible service, and so they let me return this dress even after having worn it. however, this dress cannot be cleaned. i saw a stain on it after the first use, so i first tried hand washing it. however, the black part of the dress came off on the white part, making the stain worse. i then tried dry cleaning it (the care tag allows both) and that produced 3 or 4 new stains where the black rubbed off on the white. it's a beautiful, striking dress (that would be great maternit	Dresses
Beautiful blouse - my only complaint is that the lace is too open for my taste. i'm a size small or a 4 for the most part. in retailer i can sometimes wear an xs. i decided to keep the small. yes, it's slightly restricting but i don't notice it much - it's definitely not a straight jacket. i also ordered a medium and in a way it could have worked but there was a lot of extra fabric. i am not flat chested - i wear a 34c - 32d depending on the bra. if you are inbetween sizes like me go with the larg	Knits
I love this top! super soft fabric and beautiful with jeans. getting ready to retire and will make this a regular in my new wardrobe! thanks retailer for putting it on sale!	Knits
This top is beautiful. the cutout portion extends below the bust, but is intricate enough to look good with a black bra or exciting with, say, a taupe or grey one. the fit across the shoulders is snug, but the rest of the top is very voluminous. don't expect to tuck this swamp thing in. it's a bit of an odd contrast, but if you're prepared to wear something that is itself a beautiful object, even if it doesn't really make sense for a human body... this is it.	Knits
I'm not really sure what the designer was trying to accomplish with this dress. the fabrics and details are pretty but the shape is really strange. for one thing, the dress has a very straight cut so there is not a lot of room for movement and the thin belt makes the shape even worse. i felt like i was wearing a really fancy garbage bag. also, the way the bottom flares out is just strange considering the cut and length. i really wanted to like this dress but unfortunately it was a complete miss	Dresses
Dress runs a little small, tight on top. so i had to exchange from a size 8 to a size 10. originally ordered a petite but petite wasnt available in the 10 so i will probably have to get altered for an extra expense. the material is light and soft, flowers are muted. maybe would of prefered a little sleeve but design is so cute.	Dresses
I consider myself fairly busty (34 d), but i didn't have any problems wearing my normal size small/medium.....i actually went with the small. the lace inset doesn't give, but it wasn't tight at all. i love the flow of the blouse....it is going to be a great transitional piece into fall!	Knits
Unlike other reviews i find this top to run true to size. for reference i'm 5'3, 117 lbs, 34 b cup, and took an xs. top fits comfortably, no tightness around the chest, and sleeves' fullness isn't overwhelming. the lace is see through, so a cami is a must. top is of excellent quality and craftsmanship. i have not laundered it yet, so i can't comment on that. so happy with my purchase! a keeper for sure!!	Knits
I bought a petite medium and the length was right, but it fit like a potato sack. it was quite comfortable, and didn't look completely terrible from the front, but from the side, it was terribly unflattering. when i tried it on my boyfriend saw it and said it looked like i was wearing a nightie. i don't do form-fitting clothing, but this was the exact opposite and flared out every which way. it's got to go back.	Dresses
The top falls nicely, great quality, the lace is beautiful. however, the sleeves are too wide and puffy. the top is voluminous and i wished it had more form fitting sleeves to balance this out. the top does not look flattering on me so i will be returning it.	Knits
The fabric is very comfortable and soft.love it - great fit.(tts)would recommend	Dresses
This is an easy-going weekend piece. it wrinkles a bit easily but it's comfy and swingy. i was a little confused about how to wear the shirt due to the open lace pattern (nude bra or nude cami?) i'm still not sure if it's appropriate to wear without a cami	Knits
Classic dress with a twist with split colors. very comfortable without looking like a bag on. can be dressed up or down. i am 5'7" 118 and bought th extra small. perfect fit for me. not form fitting but still has shape and style.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress from the moment i saw it on various mother's day weekend insta posts by retailer stores. i was worried that it would not be a great cut for me, as it's pretty straight up and down, and i wasn't sure the waist would hit at the right place, because i'm super high waisted and this didn't appear to be so. in truth, it isn't, and i'll be tying the ribbon (or wearing a slim belt) at a higher point than where was originally intended. however, what struck me was the ability	Dresses
This is a cute dress, not real form fitting and made of a thin but comfortable jersey material. little see thru and kind of sexy though if you have cute lingerie.	Dresses
This dress is stunning. i have been stopped in the street by people asking where the dress is from. my only complaint is that it was very wrinkled when i bought it. initially i thought it was supposed to be that way, but after seeing the stock photos i realized it needed to be ironed. it took a long time to iron all of the wrinkles out, but it is totally worth it.	Dresses
This shirt is nothing like the online pictures. it's a stunner in person. ended up with the black one though i was torn between it and the white. i would agree with some other reviewers that it has little to no give across the chest so i bought a l due to broad shoulders. the m fit like a glove and i was afraid it might tear if i raised arms or reached for something. not sure if a large busted girl would be comfortable. though i sized up, it didn't affect the way it hangs and it hangs beautifull	Knits
I was not sure about ordering this dress, but i'm glad i did! i love the cut and all the details...very unique! i am usually a 10 and the medium fits me perfectly. love, love! if you're on the fence about ordering this dress, i say go for it. for reference, i'm 5' 6" and the hem hits me mid-calf.	Dresses
This dress looks very good on me! it's a cute way to appear dressy without the extra work to look the part.	Dresses
Very flattering fit. a little billowy but i'm okay with that because it hides my stomach. have to wear a camisole underneath as you can see through the lacey parts. overall i love the shirt design, fabric and fit.	Knits
I bought this blouse in black in december of 2015. like other reviewers noted, it has a bit of an odd fit with the lace being a bit constrictive across the bust and raising arms. it wasn't a deal breaker because i loved the look of the blouse. however, i just purchased this blouse in the new color blue in july of 2016 and i'm happy to say the blue color is looser and i have no problems with the lace being constrictive around the bust or arms. -the blue blouse i just purchased is definitely l	Knits
I love this dress so much, very detailed and comfortable. looks great with the pilcro vest.	Dresses
The comfort of this fabric is terrific. the swing-y style is easy to wear. however, i expected a black and white dress, which is how it looked on line. in person, the light portion of the dress is a marled oatmeal color. it is fine - just not what i expected.if you are a fan of swing dresses, this is a great, casual choice.	Dresses
Another keeper! this top is just beautiful, it is so well made. worn with a black cami, chunky necklace and skinny jeans-perfection. the back drapes longer in the back which i liked as well!	Knits
This top is beautiful, the lace is sturdy and intricate and the top drapes perfectly, slimming. but, a word to the wise, the lace does not stretch at all even though the rest of the material does and that coupled with where it is on the bust and back means very limited movement unless you are a size 0 with an narrow back/chest and shoulders. i can't imagine anyone with a cup size larger than a b wearing this. i am 5'5", 145 lbs and a 34b and always a small or medium and a size 6 for reference. i	Knits
Ditto to all of the reviews who state that this top is beautiful but runs small in the bust. i am a large or an xl so i ordered this in the xl. i'm a little broad and busty and it was too small/binding. this is a beautiful well made top for a certain body type.	Knits
Thank you to all of the reviewers who took the time to write a review. your reviews are what help me know exactly which size to order and how to know that i needed a regular instead of a petite. i'm 5'3 and typically wear a size 8 in retailer sizes. i went with a medium regular based on other reviews. thanks so much because the fit was perfect though still a little roomy.	Dresses
This dress fits well and is comfortable. my only reflection is that i am 5'9" and it hits at my mid shin, rather than where it appears on the model.	Dresses
I wish i could keep this dress based on the pretty orange print and style but the fabric and details make this a return, even on sale price :( agree with previous reviews: bodice too tight, neckline too high/chokes, fabric is rough, outer is poorly attached to liner so it poofs in weird areas. too bad...so sad!	Dresses
Way too much fabric; sticks out like jodhpurs but from the hip - eek! might be a great dress in rayon or a drapey fabric, but the extra fabric just piles up on itself... the outer layer also doesn't feel like it will breath. add the cotton lining, and i think it will feel miserable in the heat of the texas summer. returning.	Dresses
This shirt is such a pretty color i was so excited to get it... however i felt like the fit was not flattering. it sort of just hung on me. didn't do much for me. i actually ended up returning it.	Knits
It's funny because i coveted this top online for weeks, but looking at the reviews i kept thinking that it would look ridiculous on me. i am very busty and do not like things to cling or be too tight. however when i went into the store today i tried on both the cream and the black in larges, and both fit beautifully. i decided to go with the black just because i thought that i would get more use out of it. i find that it fits well, though perhaps the sleeves because of the elastic are a tad bit	Knits
I love the desi blouse! i got it in white and it's a little more off white than pure white, but it is a great flowy top. the touch of lace across the bust is a nice accent. the only down fall is that the sleeves are a bit puffy, but the rest of the top makes up for that.	Knits
I tried this dress on in-store and fell in love with it as soon as i put it on. it's beautifully made, the fabric is soft, comfortable, and free-moving, and overall it has a lovely vintage, romantic look. i actually ended up wearing it for a family photo shoot the next week, and was pleased with how it looked in our photos as well, especially the lovely way the fabric draped. another reviewer said it seemed baggy and oddly-shaped; it does seem shapeless before you tie the waist tie, but once tha	Dresses
I was hesitant to buy this because some reviews said that if you were busty it would fit tight and awkward across the chest.. i'm petite, 32c, 5ft and purchased the xsp in white .it is gorgeous! it fits a tiny bit big and i think i could have gotten away with a xxsp, but i like the flowiness of this size i have so i'm keeping it. it does not feel tight across the chest at all and hangs beautifully. i love it! the material is gorgeous and it is well made.	Knits
I am so glad i read the reviews for this before i purchased it. i am 5'5 and 135 pounds and normally wear a size 6 in dresses. i would normally buy a small, but sized down to an xs and it was perfect! it's a beautiful dress and very flattering!	Dresses
A very cute and comfy top that's lightweight and falls nicely... but, it does snag very easily. so far, i've worn this top once and found small snags in multiple areas. the snags might blend into the fabric texture if they did not create dark spots. the yarn/thread is a mixture of a celadon tone and black, which concentrates the black when snagged.	Knits
This dress is really beautiful. i plan on wearing it to my nephew's wedding in april. my only complaint would be is that it runs extremely small. i am 5 feet tall and 90 pounds, slim build, and normally wear a 00p or 0p. i ended up with the 2p, and it fits perfectly. my advice to anyone considering purchasing is to order several different sizes and return the ones that don't fit.	Dresses
Not up to retailer standards! fabric quite thin(you could see nude-color bra through the white one) and thin fabric, wide bottom hung sloppy; no way i would feel "well dressed" in this top. i returned it.	Knits
I am not in love with this top and will be returning it. from the front it looks like a basic tee (which i expected) but the back "x" is too loose and slumps to the side so that it doesn't look like an "x" as the picture shows. so basically the focal point of the tee falls short.	Knits
I loved this look! it's s great light hoodie to throw on. comfortable, nice color, and unique with the plaid later! i'm 5'3" and the xs fit well.	Knits
This top is so pretty and feminine. i love how the design and quality of this top.	Knits
The white is completely sheer. i am so tired of see through shirts!! even at the sale on top of sale prices, i wouldn't recommend this shirt. if the fabric weren't sheer it would be a very comfy shirt with a cute back. but it just looks silly with a tank top under it, the cotton just doesn't lay right.	Knits
This is so soft and really cute. would be a good bathing suit cover- must wear a cami under it.	Knits
I tried on this top in the ivory color in the store, but i didn't need another ivory-colored top, so i passed it up. however, i kept thinking about the pretty details, especially trim on the sleeves, so when i saw it online in the red color, i ordered it. i was surprised when it arrived with how thin and sheer the fabric is (the soft flowy mini-pleated body of the shirt; the other sections are flat cotton, which is more sturdy). i hadn't noticed this when i tried on the ivory version! but i'm ke	Knits
I bought this top in black and love it! the crossed straps in the back give it a stylish twist. i also tried it in white and found it to be a little see thru.	Knits
I ordered this dress online. the previous reviews were accurate that it runs small, particularly in the waist. i normally wear a 0 or 2, but i ordered the 4. it fit my waist and hips but was slightly loose at the top even though i am a 34c. i liked the look, but it had a hole where the seams had come apart between the black stripe across the chest and the main fabric. additionally, the black squares were pulled in several places with threads sticking out. i returned it immediately.	Dresses
This dress looks amazing on. it fits your body like a glove and the zipper lies flat. the black out-lined neckline looks very sophisticated as does the pattern of the dress. my only issue is that the dress ran very small.	Dresses
I thought this top would be a little more form fitting than it is. there is so much extra fabric near the bottom it is almost like a swing style top. the fabric will most definitely snag, as it is not a linen or cotton top material but rather a silky type and also very thin - not very good quality. i got the smallest size possible and it was absolutely huge, everywhere but the neck.	Knits
I was hoping not to like this tee so that i can be $48 richer (lol). it's very cute. i would say runs true, but more on the smaller side. i usually wear xs and it's a good cut for me. it's not boxy at all. i love the strap detail on this tee. i hope the quality will hold up. for reference i am 5'3 and 123lbs (2/4).	Knits
I got this dress on line - i ordered several sizes after reading the reviews. it does run small. i usually wear a 2 in dresses and needed a 4. i love the fit and it is a beautiful dress - however the little black pin dots are easy to snag. i wore it once - didn't feel like i was wild that night - ha! - but when i took it off that night it had 3 places where it had snags - ugh!	Dresses
I loved the style and shape of the dress . it does run small. i had to return it because some of the black dots pulled and looked like it might be more of a problem as i wore it	Dresses
This tee is versatile, soft, well made, and it washes/dries well. i love longer length and stripe pocket details. it runs true to size, and it is a beautiful dark navy blue. what more can i ask for?	Knits
I loved the rich navy blue color with the accent pockets. the fabric was a nice weight, not too thin like lots of retailer tops. i liked the top from the front, however the back was way too long, especially with the looseness of the style. it would have been much better if it were not so much longer in the back and maybe a little more fitted. it might work on someone taller. i'm 5'3" and 120 lbs. and i tried xs.	Knits
I bought this shirt in white and am happy with the fact that it's not too sheer. the back detail is great. my only complaint is that it is too long. i got the small and it fits nicely in the arms and top, but it is much longer on me than on the model. i'm 5'5" tall. it doesn't look great when i do a half tuck, but it looks fine if i tuck it all the way in. maybe an xs would have been a better fit.	Knits
Love the sleeves - good length and fit. it's a basic tee that has added flare.	Knits
I really wanted to like this top. in fact, i have put it on to wear several times then opted for something else. so i'm thinking it has to go back. for one thing, the yoke part is sewn onto the bottom so the stripes are crooked...that bothers me. i may get it in the white instead because i do like the style. i just wish it were in a solid color. but try it - it might work for you!	Knits
Love this top for spring - great with athletic leggings, regular leggings or jeans. it is a lot longer in the back, which i like as it covers my butt and makes leggings work-appropriate. great quality. true to size - i am 5'9" and 128 lbs - xs fits perfectly. fabric is a little wrinkly but that is intentional. lighter material so it is good for spring weather, but sturdy enough not to be see through at all.	Knits
I'm a tunic girl--have to admit that. for me this top is fab. i love roomy, swingy tops and this is exactly that. as others have mentioned, it is quite roomy at the bottom, however the weight of the fabric is so light it lays very nicely. i love how it fits in the arms. i hate when arms are too big. the sleeve fits snugly. for reference i am 5'5" 140 lbs. the small fit perfectly. i have already worn several times to work. perfect in the a/c.	Knits
Love this top! it runs very true to size, is not too boxy, and looks great on my 5"1" body (i bought a medium). i purchased the beige top first, then bought this one. great addition to my wardrobe.	Knits
This tunic is flowy without having too much material to make you look bigger. i love the way it fits. i'm 5'4 125 lbs and got a small.	Knits
I had high hopes for this top but once again it is just a big boxy too much material top. i get the style but if it adds 10lbs to your middle area its not for me. it is a thin material so it does hang nice.	Knits
I really love this top; i got the ivory and now i will probably get the black too. if you get it in your normal size (i'm almost always an xs and got this in xs), it's fitted and flattering. the seam across the sternum makes it feel like an empire top which always seems to look good on me. it is fitting in the chest and arms. it's really lightweight and has 1/2 sleeves so i will wear this even in summer.	Knits
Just bought this and am in love with it. it's a really nice weight - light for spring. the drape-y fit is very flattering. it's longer in the back than in the front and has a nice swing to it. can't wait to wear it!i tried on the tee in the lighter color and didn't care for it much - i liked the contrast of the black and silver stripes.	Knits
This print is beautiful and the design is unique and great for work. my only complaint is that it runs huge and the torso fit is extremely boxy. i'm normally in between a size xs and s at retailer, bought the xs in this shirt and it still almost too big.	Knits
It is very comfortable and the fabric is amazing. it runs a little short on me because i have a long torso, but it works great with a tank underneath. love it!	Knits
So flattering on my curvy (and busty) body. so many swing style tops have too much fabric and make you look larger than you actually are. not the case with this top - the fabric and cut make the bottom half flow beautifully; so flattering imo. i usually wear a small or medium in meadow rue and went with the small. the shoulders and arms fit my small bone structure perfectly; the burn out pattern and color are gorgeous.  can?t wait to wear!	Knits
Love this top and the fit is very true to size. i am 5'3 and 144 and ordered a medium. the fabric weight is just right and not see through, the top did not gap and the length falls just over tummy without being too tent-like too snug or too long so can be worn inside or out. wish there were more color choices to order from. it was touted as red motif but i would call it more red-orange. i cannot wear orange but it is "red-enough" to pull off on my skin tone with the white background. the sleeves	Knits
Ugh, i hate that this didn't work! the top shoulder/sleeve portion is so pretty and unique, but the fabric is overall this and cheap feeling, the length is too short for how flowy the shirt is (the sides go way up on me). the fabric feels like something that would fall apart after one wash. back it goes!	Knits
This shirt is so cute alone with jeans or dressed up with nice jewelry, a scarf or cardi. its just the right weight, true to size, drapes nicely and its very flattering. i"m sorry i didn't order more when i had the chance. its already sold out in the colors and sizes i wanted. excellent quality as usual -- thanks again retailer!	Knits
I love how soft, and substantial the fabric is. the fabric has a nice weight and drapes beautifully. the ruffle detail is very flattering. i have broad shoulders and this top looks great.	Knits
Loved the version of this loc top that retailer carried two years ago (or was it three?). was thrilled to see what looked like the same top and was called the same name ... but it's just not the same. length is too short, body is too wide, and even the fabric seems to be lower quality. disappointing, but i still bought more than one color.	Knits
I ordered the red motif in size xl. for me, the fit matches the model so i think it's true-to-size. the only larger area on me is for the armholes. i use a cami so my bra won't show when raising my arms. since it's made of rayon/spandex and is a longer length, it's a little clingy along my hipline for my pear-shape. but, overall, it's so soft and comfortable. the colors in the floral pattern are beautiful. prettier in person. there's no problem with pattern placement either. a great top for summ	Knits
The cut of this top is cute. it's a great basic t with a little flare. it's pretty pricey given that the fabric is so thin.	Knits
I ordered this shirt online without seeing it in person, and it is great! it is true to size (if not slightly loose fitting) and a thick cottony-material with a pretty design. could be nice for spring, summer, or even fall with a cardigan.	Knits
I love this top!! very comfortable. wear it alone or under a sweater. i have the black also.	Knits
Ordered this blouse in a small but it was too big, returned it for an xs. i weigh 123 lbs , i'm 5'3 1/2".i find sizing of clothing at retailer to be unreliable, i have had to return many items because of sizing issues. unfortunately i live too far away from a regular store so have to rely on shopping on line.i will complement retailer on the unique designs of the clothing they offer.	Knits
The pics online for this dress are horrible in comparison how stunning this dress is in person.just received it and far exceeded my wildest expectations!it is elegant, classy, and an understated sexy!the colors are rich and vibrant.......gorgeous shades of plum and blue....a unique color combination that is gorgeous!the open mess dress with the solid under layer is a wow!beautiful and flattering fit.it is a 10 !!!!i ordered my usual size and i would say it is true to size, but slig	Dresses
The other reviews stated this was a shapeless top, but i sized down and it is very flattering and cute! the green is a bright, gorgeous jewel tone. it has an overall flowy, bohemian look to it.......the bell sleeves add just the right touch of boho! overall, i am very pleased with this top... it will be a great transitional piece into fall!	Knits
I happened to see someone purchasing this top in the green at my local retailer store, and the sales associate told me they had just gotten then in and they were already almost gone. they only had one left, in size s. it fit, but was a bit too long for me so they ordered the sp for me. it's perfect! the color says turquoise, but it's actually more of an emerald green. it's a bright saturated color, much more beautiful than the online photo. i have green eyes and love the way it brings them out. it	Knits
Just bought this in black at my local store and it is adorable! and very comfortable. almost like your favorite t-shirt stepped up one notch! it ran true to size for me!	Knits
I loved the style of this shirt so much that i bought two of them. unfortunately after washing the turquoise one, it sprang several holes. the same thing happened to the second one after one wash! i purchased several of these shirts in the tank style over this past summer, and they have washed and worn great. i think the fabric quality and craftsmanship has gone way downhill at retailer lately. very disappointed.	Knits
This is my go-to shirt. perfect for layering, perfect for around the house or perfect for topping an outfit with a scarf. the white is a little sheer but it's fine for me.	Knits
I'm a curvy person, so my review might not be suited to everyone. my standard size in retailer tops is xl, and it is the same for this blouse.-overall:overall gorgeous, well made blouse but i wish there was less fabric involved and the burnt out design didn't make a horizontal stripe across the back and biceps. this blouse just might not work out as well if you are a full figured person.-pros:gorgeous blousehigh qualityunique-cons:i wish the burnt out design didn't make a hor	Knits
Nice shirt that's a little different from the typical. flirty sleeves that move in the wind which is a great look :)	Knits
This top is cute love the ruffle sleeves. the store i got these had both colors so ended getting both colors because the top is cute. does run a little large i ended up going a size down.	Knits
I thought this top was purely elegant. i'm 5'4", and 135 lbs. i ordered a small and it fits perfectly. i thought the fabric was soft, but somewhat sheer on the top. it goes great with just about any pant.	Knits
I purchased this top in the purple. it is much prettier in person then in the picture. the color is rich and vibrant. i am usually a large or xl but only needed the large in this top. the combination of fabrics is what makes this top special and the sheer bell sleeve really sets it off. i felt that it flowed perfectly, not as full as some of the fall retailer tops. (which are too full for me.)i am around 5'6" and a little on the broad side, so perhaps on someone smaller it might be overbeari	Knits
This top may be right for some, but it did not work for me. i've been looking for a nice black top and loved the flutter sleeves on this one. however, it didn't do much to flatter my body. i ordered the xl, but it was huge. i'm not sure a l would have solved my problems if it had been available. i found it looked boxy and and agree that the arm holes are too big. the quality is great and style so pretty, though. i wish it had worked for me!	Knits
I love it!!! i can wear out to dinner or just out to lunch withfriends!	Knits
I love everything about this top! the fit and style are beautiful and the fabric high quality. it does run about a half size large (i'm usually a size 4 and needed an xs in this top). this is so versatile--i have worn it with a tangerine midi skirt and denim shorts and it looks great however i pair it. i highly recommend this!	Knits
I was debating getting a large in this top but went for the medium, boy is it huge, the jersey fabric is quite thick which makes the sleeves bulky and uncomfortable, even the small would be giant! for reference i normally wear a size 8/10 my chest is 34 e and this was just so so huge, it hung so badly of my chest that it looked frumpy and made me look bigger than i am.the colours are true and nice and vibrant... definitely size down with this one	Knits
Just beautiful dress! it dits perfectly, tts and i feel like princess in it! highly recommend girls!	Dresses
I found both colors and jumped on this shirt. then i got it home and realized that it was pretty much useless. there is no way to put a sweater or jacket over it, it is too hot to wear in the summer, putting a tee under ruins the look.i am very flat chested so it hung well, but there is lots of shirt. both went back in exchange for two wearable items.	Knits
I love cotton fabric, so i was very excited to find this shirt in gorgeous fall colors. i have the dark red/burnt orange color, and it is pretty. but i have worn the thing once, and today when i put it on again, i found 2 holes on the front of the shirt. so disappointed.	Knits
This top is the perfect staple! the fabric is soft and comfortable. i generally wear medium tops, but the small fits perfectly. took the chance ordering online and i am very happy!	Knits
Fantastic and comfortable top. i had to buy in black and white, because it was too cute to buy just one. love it. great staple for your wardrobe.	Knits
I was a bit concerned that the top would be too small on top, (ordered an xl) but the a line design is very flattering and it fit well. it is a biit see through, so i'll be wearing another layer underneath - personal preference.	Knits
This knit shirt is too thin, as most knit shirts i find are. i got this in the white, and was excited to try it on due to the fitted cut and cap sleeves. the upper part was great but the waist was too large for me, and was actually too long. had to return, especially for the cost. i purchased the xxs , which normally fits me.	Knits
I bought this in a beautiful cornflower blue at my retailer store. i don't see that color for sale online. the blue material was not thin or see through, but perhaps the white is. the fit is very structured, which helps me cover my mom belly. i have never said this before, but i think it looks better on me than it does on the model wearing white. on sale, i got this for about $20. i got it for a steal. i like the different directions of line patterns and the length is nice too. one thing you can't	Knits
I was so excited when i saw this dress! i love this color, and the poplin sleeves. i was so sad when i tried it on though, the back poofed out in such a weird and unflattering way. i think it is because there is a pleat high up in the back, but then it seems like it gets narrow again around the hips. strange. also the material is kind of stiff and seems poor quality. i do love the way the top and the sleeves look on me though, so i am actually considering keeping it and just making it into a top	Dresses
Wore this to my sons wedding. found it last minute when i had changed my mind about another byron lars dress. i felt awesome in it and got many compliments	Dresses
This rich color is so flattering! i also love that it has pockets and can be worn to dressy events or can be worn in more casual settings. the side stripes give it a young and interesting touch. the elastic waste makes it comfortable so i know i will get lots of use out of this. i knocked off one star because of the price. i plan on paring this with tan sandals and a dark denim blazer to start off with.	Dresses
Love this dress. sooo comfortable and flattering. i typically wear a 4-6 in dresses or can be between small and medium depending on style and cut. i went with xs on this dress and it's still very comfortable and loose fitting. the small size fit fine but seemed like too much fabric on the skirt.	Dresses
I want to love this shirt, i really do, but it's huge! the top is tent-like, which would be adorable with skinny jeans, however the length of the back dips so low, the top kind of reminds me of pajamas. the color is beautiful, more like a light grey heather, and the white piping is like a shimmery ribbon material. overall, the top is cute, but it dips too low in the back and the bow weighs down the back of the shirt, so it makes it hard to adjust it in the front. sadly, it's a return.	Knits
This dress is so soft, flowy and comfortable! the material is very smooth and silky. i'm hoping it holds up well over time with washing. i am 5"5, 120lbs and i ordered a xs. the elastic waist is a tad tight but otherwise it fits perfectly - just as shown on the model in terms of length and how the top fits. i said it runs a large because normally i would order a s but i think if i did, it would be too long and the arm holes might be too big.	Dresses
Like another reviewer said, the pictures do not do this fabric justice. it's lightly textured but still soft! i love the fit of this--just the right amount of oversized/flowy.	Dresses
I saw this in the retailer catalogue and knew i had to own this dress. everything about it speaks to me on a cellular level. the colour, the shape, the drape, the hem, !!!! and the little side stripes. be still my heart. i went into my local store and picked up the dress in xl and l to try on. i'm.... currently a new body shape because of too many burgers, a sports injury, and not enough cardio, so i figured i should size up for a moment. uh no. the xl was like a tent. fabric everywhere. i pulled	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the orange and loved it on me and felt it ran tts in my regular size small. i'm a 34d but very petite body type otherwise and didn't feel like this billowed out as much as some other reviewers described. it does have a loose feel on top which i actually like and inside there is a comfortable striped strapless top part that holds me in at the same time. i liked the feel, colors and lenth of the fabric plus i love anything with an elastic waist so i definitely plan on buyi	Dresses
Oh my!! this dress is so cute! it fits me exactly like the pictures. i usually wear a 6 or 8 and ordered a medium. i maybe could have worn a small as well though. there is a lot of fabric to this dress, so if you're under 5'6", it might overwhelm you! i'm 5'6" and the medium was barely sleepy the floor in a low heel! this is s dress you can dress up or down. i also appreciated the neckline not being too revealing. and pockets!! that was a nice surprise! the fabric is a little thicker, so it's no	Dresses
So this is a gorgeous dress, but it seems to have too many elements. i wish they had left off the white lacy decoration at the neckline because it seems to make the dress more "girly" than "sleek." i am short, so perhaps the multiple design features would be better on a tall woman than on me.	Dresses
Comfortable and soft material, cute design and nice longer length..however, i'm long waisted and this looked ridiculous on my me, elastic came up right under my bra and not at my waist. would be cute for someone shorter.	Dresses
I tried on the xs in the store and decided to size down (and get xxs petite). it looked much better. the length was flattering, and as others mentioned, the bottom is nice and flowy. it is comfortable, and the orange color is flattering and i love the striped detail on the sides. good casual dress, but i can dress it up with a bejeweled belt. i am 115 lbs 30dd chest for xxs petite...	Dresses
This dress, like all byron lars dresses is a work of art. it has true quality of workmanship. and fits like a glove. i always get compliments when i wear any of his dresses and i have 5!. this one is somewhere between casual and dressy. perfect for a dinner out on a saturday night!. order a petite if you are under 5 5"	Dresses
The dress had great potential, but the top sagged and made the dress look unflattering on me. unfortunately, i had to return it. the length was great, and the back and sides of the dress were nicely tailored and flattering. perhaps this would fit someone else better - i have a 34b/34c bust, and it didn't work for me.	Dresses
I didn't give this dress a second look for the longest time. when the summer tag sale came about, i decided to pop in and see if i could find a versatile summer dress. i was in need of a piece i could easily dress up or down. the burnt orange color variation caught my eye first, though i also tried on the neutral and it is also fabulous. this dress is amazing on! i am an hourglass shape, 5'8, size 6/8, 34 d chest, and i tried on both the small and medium. the small fit much better on me, and i r	Dresses
Added this dress to my summer wardrobe in the rust color. it's a very relaxed dress. easy to throw on. as others have suggested in going to add a belt to this to add a little more flair. but i love this designer. but it does run large. sizing down helps immensely.	Dresses
The fabric has a beautiful drape; the skirt is a nice length, and it blows, moves, and swings in a most flattering way. the gray is a an elegant color, and one could definitely wear the dress at both casual and more formal events. the top, however, sags, and overwhelms the more fitted lining. too bad!	Dresses
I thought this dress looked so cute and comfortable and was excited to try it on, and i was majorly disappointed. it was incredibly unflattering, in every way. as a few of the other reviewers mentioned, if you have any sort of bust the dress will not hang nicely, the waist band was too high up and made me look pregnant. i'm 5'2 and curvy and usually take a lg in retailer, but this...ewww! i will say the color and material are gorgeous, but i'm guessing this is the type of dress that would look bes	Dresses
Lovely dress and looks great on me but with just my second time wearing this dress and reaching across my desk to pick something up i feel the elastic waistband snap. this dress is definitely my size and i have felt no tightness or discomfort in the midsection. i have bought cheaper clothes with better elastic waistbands and had them for years. now i will spend the rest of my day looking like i'm wearing an orange sack. i'm not pleased.	Dresses
There are darts that are not shown in this picture that make the dress ill fitted. not sure why they are not in the picture and on the dress. i wish the pictures shown were more accurate.	Dresses
I love this dress. i'm 6' so it's a tad bit shorter than what shows on the model. it stops right at my ankles, which i'm okay with. it's a heavier fabric so it's maybe not good for those really hot, humid days. all-in-all it is super flattering on my hourglass figure. for reference, i'm a 38dd and normally wear a large in dresses at retailer. i ordered the large.	Dresses
This dress is perfect for the summer, very lightweight, has pockets and not to short lounging around. it is loose fitting, so i normally wear a size 10 or m and 5'6" tall, but had to order this dress in a s. the small fits me perfectly.	Dresses
The length is lovely, the color is nice, the fabric feels like silk but isn't (so you can wash it), and the cut is flattering if you're a b cup or below. for me, the pleats on top made my chestiness look like fattiness.	Dresses
Many internet reviews note that byron lars dresses run large and suggest that women 5'5" and under should size down and go petite. i am 5'3" and 101 pounds and the 0 petite size was too snug across my back and too short when i sat down. when i stood up i had to pull the dress down, as it would bunch up around the hips. therefore, the size 2 regular ended up being a perfect fit, no alterations needed. i was searching for a dress for an upcoming wedding and for vacation and kept coming back to thi	Dresses
I really wanted to love it but it was way too maternity on me. i love flowy but the flow on this dress hit me in all the wrong places. but i must say i have a 34ddd bust and wear a medium regularly. well i sized down and ordered a small and it just didn't work. it just flowed right off my chest to what looked like a dress concealing a baby bump. overall its cute just not for me.	Dresses
Admittedly, i ignored this dress on a few trips to my local retailer and then it went on sale, practically begging me to give it attention. i tried it on and fell in love! so feminine, light, and comfortable. it has a sort of roman/boho goddess vibe due to the billowy top, especially in the lighter greige with some sea-hued accessories added but not so much it feels like cosplay or something. i have a full bust (dd) and didn't find this dress to be unflattering. after wearing it to a party, i ac	Dresses
A lot of reviewers have been saying that this dress is simply too busy to be wearable and they're right! i love the cut and fit of this dress but don't love the style. the awesome stylist at my retailer told me to take off the belt and then try it on with a ribbon ( like the one on the charisma sheath) and it was so much more cute. it completely changed the look of the dress and made it look more classy. the belt looks very cheap in person and a little hoochie mamma if you wear it with the dress i	Dresses
Absolutely love this top, it falls perfect in all the right places. i've gotten so many compliments especially from the bow design on the back.	Knits
Lovely dress but runs at least a full size too big.	Dresses
If you have any curves, avoid! it is not flattering.the striped side panels look odd with the flow of the dress.	Dresses
Beautiful dress, but works best with a belt where the dress cinches at the high waist. it runs huge: i'm 5'6 and a m/l but the small petite is what looks and fits the best. there is a lot of unnecessary fabric and stretch at the waist. i received a lot of compliments on this dress! glad i kept trying on smaller sizes.	Dresses
Well made, versatile dress. have already worn it to a wedding and work - could definitely be dressed down for a more casual look. i'm 5,7 and typically wear a medium in dresses and the small was definitely the right fit with some room to spare.	Dresses
Has anyone tried to hand wash this dress instead of dryclean?runs a little large. i am 5'5 135# 34dd and purchased xs. i was really surprised that xs fits well. i initially tried small but the armholes were too big. the waist is a little too high but i plan to wear it with a belt.	Dresses
I bought this dress online after a long search for the perfect dress to wear to my daughter's fall wedding. i did not want something full length or too formal. after modeling several dresses for my boys this one got the thumbs up. i do love the design and that it is different enough from all the other mother-of-bride dresses out there. i will wear this with black nylons and wedges (since this wedding is in a meadow). i'm completely satisfied! for reference i am 45 years old, 5'10", 160 lbs with	Dresses
I love this dress it is a little sheer so nothing that spanx won't cover. i have worn it a couple of times and have gotten many compliments.	Dresses
I wasn't expecting to like this tank as much as i do because of the other reviews...i thought i would send it back if i didn't like it, i appreciate the design, fabric, and construction! i plan on wearing it out to dinner with some friends coming in from out of town tomorrow night...can't wait!	Knits
The dress didn't look like much on the hanger but the rust color caught my attention so i tried. the dress fits beautifully. i did have to size down to a small because the medium was too large on my frame. i have a longer torso and the elastic waist did not quite fall on my natural waist, but corrected by pairing with an obi belt, which looks fantastic. the bottom is lined and flows rather nicely. the dress has a modified hi/low thing going where the front and back are longer than the sides, but	Dresses
This dress is super comfortable. it's s bit long, but i'm 5'3", so that's to be expected. i wanted an everyday dress and i can't decide if the full skirt makes it too formal looking.	Dresses
Still can't decide if i want to keep this. it's super comfortable but much thinner than expected and the color seems more navy blue than black.	Dresses
Wearing this to a weeding in july. its so feminine and pretty. runs a little big on top at the arm holes, but having it tailored - love!!!!	Dresses
I recommend this dress for people who do not have my body type. the dress is very comfortable and nicely designed. my torso is a bit barrel chested with a large bust so the fabric both wrapped and billowed out unattractively, causing the waistband to ride up and the skirt to pouf out over my tummy. if your body is more like the model, this is a flattering dress. for reference i am 5'3" 36dd 140# and ordered the medium petite. perhaps if i bought the non-petite version or sized down maybe it will	Dresses
The dark orange is a beautiful color. this is a very comfortable dress, lightweight, long enough so you can sit down in it without any concerns. unfortunately, it's dry clean only, and you may want a belt to cover the elastic waist. the top part is very loose, so this might work better for full-figured gals.	Dresses
I liked this dress so much in the store - but didn't have it in my size - so had it shipped (and yes, paid shipping costs...) but it just didn't work on my body. the top is sort of poofy for lack of a better word - it made me look kind of poofy all over and really - i am not poofy! it's a lovely color - and might look terrific on a tall woman - but at 5'3" - not so good - had to return, sadly.	Dresses
This is my new favorite dress! it's super soft, comfortable, and flattering! i have worn it twice and each time have received multiple compliments. i love, love, love it!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. i ordered this in the mail and literally said "wow" when i took it out of the packaging. the color looks more like champagne in person and the flowers look fantastic on it. i was worried that it might look a little awkward with so many things hanging off, but instead the flowers really compliment the entire ensemble. it really just looks like a work of art. i'm usually a small in retailer clothes and that size fits me very well. i absolutely love this dress.	Dresses
I wasn't overly impressed or drawn to this dress at first, even after i bought it, but after wearing it, i am sold! i paired the orange version with caramel colored sandals and gold jewelry. i thought it was necessary to wear a long necklace to bring some interest to the otherwise plain top. the dress is super comfortable - fabric, fit and length. it billows in such a pretty way when you walk! the color also made my skin look extra tan, which i loved! the waist is short and rides up now and then	Dresses
I was desperate to find a dress for an upcoming wedding. i basically tired on every dress in the store. this one was by far the best dress i tried on. the outer layer is delicate, and has great stitching and embroidery. the only problem is that the slip is skin tight and too small. this dress is so awesome i'm willing to overlook that and find my own slip. when i came out of the dressing room another couple stopped to tell me how amazing the dress looked. this dress is beautiful!	Dresses
I ordered this online, having never seen it in person. i loved it as soon as i touched the soft material. it fits me perfectly...i almost invariably wear a size 6 in retailer dresses and tops, which gave me the confidence to order online, and this dress is true to size. the detailing at the bosom is so flattering. the fabric is supple and hangs gracefully without clinging to my not-so-perfect waistline. i have worn this twice already, having received it only a week ago. the blue/black combi	Dresses
I'm writing because i ordered this dress and live it. i'm usually a medium but bc so many said it ran small i ordered a large...it was huge and i wear a 34d. it was huge everywhere. so now hoping the medium fits.	Dresses
I actually saw angela from the tv show bones wearing this dress and decided i loved it so much i had to find out where it was from! after ordering this dress i couldn't be happier, i love it! it is a very flattering shape and a thick material so it falls nicely.	Dresses
I usually follow the boho look, and this dress appealed to me immediately and it was in the color i wanted black. so excited to receive this as i knew i could wear it both as a dress and a tunic but that was not to be.the outfit consists of 2 elements: a tight fitting slip that fits awkwardly and does not give enough room in the bust nor waist areas, and an overlay dress that is really quite pretty. but it too was too tight across the bust area which made the entire upper torso ill fitting.i n	Dresses
I found this dress to run true to size. i'm 5'4" and 115 lbs and the xs fits great. perfect length and i like the thicker fabric so it's not see through. the raw edges lend a cool laid back and the final embroidery is a perfect bohemian touch. wearing mine with a turquoise choker. awesome dress!	Dresses
Our store only had one petite dress in my size in stock. i'm 5'4" and so can sometimes pull of petite sizing. no in this case. it was a tunic on me. however the dress fit beautifully everywhere else and the quality was beautiful so i'll probably order my size in regular to give it a try.	Dresses
Not sure who named this dress, but it isn't a swing dress. it's a beautiful dress out of very soft fabric, with elegant embroidery design and pretty fringe detail. and pockets! i've worn this dress with tennis shoes, leather flip flops, and heels and been complimented each time. love this dress!	Dresses
Dress is pretty, i was disappointed by the slip which is too small like previous customer. i am an inch taller than the model and i feel more comfortable it being a tunic with leggings. nice but not nice enough to keep, i am returning. :(	Dresses
Nice work dress. flirty style for spring.	Dresses
I couldn't wait to get this dress from the online order. the fabric looked so interesting to me - linen, appliqu, pockets, raw neckline. the dress looks sort of straight up and down on the model but in my opinion it's like a little a line tent. the top runs very narrow and i could barely get it over my head. i'm going to return it and try for a medium, for reference i am 5'4" 135 and usually wear a six or a small.	Dresses
I loved this dress. the details in the embroidery are gorgeous and reminds me of another holding horses dress i own. what didn't work out is its a swing design but the fabric is thick and doesn't swing well. it's white and makes one look a bit heavier because of the generous cut. this could work on a tall person but on my short frame it didn't work.	Dresses
I tried this dress on in a 6 and a 4 (a 4 is a little small for me but it looked so loose and flowy i thought sizing down would be a good idea). the 4 fit in the outer layer, however as the previous poster mentioned, the lining is super tight. i couldn't even pull the 4 lining down over my hips. the 6 was far too big in the shoulders and arms and still too tight in the lining. not sure what when wrong here but it's a shame because it's a really cute dress.	Dresses
This is a lovely, well-made piece by maeve, a longtime favorite of mine. the material is great weight and won't wrinkle, colors are vibrant, and design of the dress is cute, if a bit on the short side.however, i, like some of the other reviewers, didn't love this this on me. the waist hit slightly above my natural waist (and i'm very short-waisted) and this particular sweetheart neckline did nothing to flatter my bust (i'm a 34dd for reference). the end result was a bit too dowdy on top with	Dresses
I'm not sure why the other reviewers think that this runs small. in my opinion it runs pretty large. i am normally a medium and i ended up returning the medium to get the small. i do have a small bust (36b) and skinny arms so maybe that's why? regardless it is super cute and i think it can be dressed up or down. it looks awesome with the pilcro jean jacket!	Dresses
This is a pretty basic black dress with a swingy silhouette. the slip that comes with it is much tighter than the dress. the transparent sleeves and open-work details help it look a bit airier even though the shape is loose. the neckline has a flattering v-opening. i was able to try on a petite size at my local store (i suppose it was a returned item). the petite was still a bit long for me; it did not hit me above the knee but rather at or slightly below the knee. the dress was cute and comfort	Dresses
I was too late to find my size in petite. boo. i tried the regular sizing and it was huge...a total tent. i am 5'4" about 118#. i tried an xs. it was gigantic to say the least. huge everywhere. i love that the fabric is thick but yet doesn't feel heavy or hot. i think it would be the perfect summer dress...could wear casually or dress it up. don't need a slip (what a plus for a white dress!) i definitely needed a petite size and most likely from the size of the xs a pxxs. really? i know i have w	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to one of the upcoming events leading up to my wedding in mexico. it's the perfect mix of casual yet refined. as another reviewer mentioned, it is a bit tight through the bust, but luckily i wasn't blessed in that area. i would caution that there is absolutely no stretch to this dress. it's a true, straight shift. i'm going to rock it with turquoise and flats in mexico.	Dresses
I wanted so badly for this dress to work on me. the design is amazing. the detail is so pretty and delicate. its my version of the perfect little black dress! however i have very big arms...and while i could have easily sized down for the body of the dress, the arms and chest in my normal size did not fit at all. i'm usually a 14-16 in dresses. i tried the 16 and it just didn't work. the arms were way too tight. however i've seen this dress on many other women with smaller arms than me, and they	Dresses
I was so excited to get this dress and could tell right away it was beautiful. the fabric and detail are perfect and seem great for summer. then i tried it on ....to say the bust area is tight and not proportioned correctly would be putting it very nicely. it was a total joke. this dress is for very small chested only.	Dresses
The dress immediately caught my eye in the store. upon trying it on, i discovered that the slip runs extremely small (and unnecessarily so considering the looseness of the shift). the skirt is a tad long--i'm 5'6" and it hits mid-knee. it's a shame the slip was so tight--i loved the dress otherwise.	Dresses
Great fitting longer tee. comfortable and light. longer short sleeve a nice change from cap sleeves.	Knits
I have been looking for a black dress for a few events i have coming up this winter and have not been able to find anything suitable! i have tried a few things from free people but being 5'8", everything there is just too short for these particular events. when i saw this dress, i had to have it! it has the same feel as some of the free people dresses but the length is so much better! the dress itself is sheer and not intended for extended outdoor wear, but really beautiful on. dress up with som	Dresses
This dress is the perfect combination of bohemian chic. however, the slip below the dress runs a tad bit small. i have a wide rib cage and normally wear between a 04-06. the dress would have been just perfect if the slip was a bit larger.	Dresses
I loved this dress and wanted to use it for work. i read the reviews and saw all the issues with the slip and was nervous, but i tried it anyway and figured i could use another plain black slip i have if the one with the dress didn't fit. i'm really happy i did because it's a gorgeous dress. you just may need to wear a different black slip with it (i did). if you already have one, it's no additional hassle or cost and the dress is really unique. it's the perfect comfortable but stylish dress for	Dresses
Super cute dress online on the model. what you can't tell from the picture is the slip underneath is not true to size of the dress and the outside layer of the dress is more sheer than the picture shows so you can tell the slip underneath is very tight. it might be my body type. otherwise, it's super cute in person and i wish it would've fit better!	Dresses
I love this dress. so simple yet beautiful. very excited to wear this spring and summer, perfect for easter.	Dresses
The overall color of this dress is more buttery white and the pale golden embroidery almost blends in.therefore i think the dress benefits from being styled . i tried bold colored scarves with fringes and big statement jewelry. this dress is more casual with its fringes , the jeans like material ( although softer than cotton) as well as the loose pullover style. it is easy to dress down with a blue jean jacket, casual sandals or even sneakers. i have a 38 c chest and the l fits almost too loos	Dresses
I really like this dress but after looking at the photo, it doesn't look like this, well at least on me. granted, i am 36dd so that might be part of the reason, but this dress is definitely trapeze style. i love the look but am cringing at the thought that someone is going to think i am pregnant. because of this, a belt is a must. plus it is the only way to achieve the look in the photos because it is a lot fuller in real life. another nice touch to this dress is that versatility with the ru	Dresses
I love this cardigan. i purchased it in the cream color. however, it did fray a bit after washing it. other than that, i think it was a great buy though!	Knits
This top wasn't an eye catcher off the bat but i love nothing more than a dressed up tee, so it's why it made it to the dressing room with me. it has elbow length sleeves, a slub texture, super soft, awesome texture and detail. the slight v-neck is perfect and the overall fit is great. i'm typically a lover of black but the wine color was gorgeous too so i took both into the fitting room with me (the other colors weren't available). surprisingly, the black was not even close to a favorite, but t	Knits
I bought the green, and it is a dark teal. the fabric is so soft and it can be dressed up or down. the detail truly sets it apart from your boring tee. great purchase, especially at the sale price.	Knits
The shirt fits loosely, but not baggy. beautiful detail on the back and shoulders. very soft and lovely material.	Knits
I tried this on at the store in black. the lace on the back is gorgeous and the fabric is very soft, but i would disagree with the previous reviews - i don't think this is flattering on all body types. i've got an hourglass figure and the top absolutely robs you of a waist. it drapes straight down on the front, so if you have a larger chest, you end up looking like a football player.i think for a narrow frame or a smaller chest, this would be very flattering.	Knits
Love the fit - doesn't cling to my midsection and detail on sleeves is very pretty. fits true to size.i got the black but want to order it in other colors as well. can be dressed up or down.	Knits
I love this tee! i bought the teal in store. rich colors. little details are perfect. the loose got was very flattering on me. i'm not busty at all and it hung so well. wore it to brunch and the flight home later!	Knits
I couldn't decide between the black and the red. this is a really cute dress that could be dressed up or down. just be aware of the high, somewhat tight neck.	Dresses
Love this top - it's flattering and perfect for a casual dinner out or running around on a saturday afternoon. super comfortable and very cute.	Knits
This top is perfect for a weekend casual look. you will love this, it fits true to size.	Knits
I am 5'6" and the neckline barely covers my bra -- would have to wear a cami with it. the fabric is soft, and the colors are very pretty. but the neckline is too low for me for a casual top.	Knits
This dress is adorable! i purchased it in black and white to wear to my daughter' s bridal shower. i received so many compliments. it was comfortable, stylish and best of all wrinkle free. i actually ordered it online and when i got it, the dress required no ironing of any kind. love it! i think i may have to get in in the red also.	Dresses
I was looking for something for a spring wedding that wasn't too billowy, but not overly fitted either as i try to hide leftover postpartum pounds. this offered the perfect solution with the slip underneath the looser netted overlay (i got the black). the overlay is not delicate, but not stiff either - just good quality that falls beautifully. so happy with this dress - comfortable, attractive, unique...and versatile! can easily see wearing this to work as well as a wedding :)	Dresses
I got this in the red and the black.i returned the red,for it doesn't compare to the black one.i would have loved it,if it was a red dress with white flowers.i didn't like it being a white dress with red flowers.the black one is the one to pick!	Dresses
I love this top. the fabric is soft and a silky lightweight - perfect for summer. i feel it runs a size large. i'm 5'4", 130lbs, with broad shoulders. i usually wear a medium, but a small fit perfectly.	Knits
Sizing is just getting unreasonable, and nothing fits unless it's a crew neck nowadays. this v-neckline would have been perfect if pictured as on the model, but on my 5' 4" 115 lb frame, the xxs petite neckline came down so low my bra was exposed along the eyelet trim. additionally, the shirt looked like it shrunk in length, and wouldn't have covered a belt on my pants. it also did not match the product description and measured 22" from the hps to hem. i'm unsure of how when pattern grading an i	Knits
I ordered the green/teal in size xl. the fit on me doesn't match the model. it looks looser on her. i think it runs small, at least in size xl. it still is a comfortable fit since the material has stretch. the pleat at the top helps the drape of the shirt. it's a beautiful color of green too. i think the v-neck is too low so i wear a tank underneath. this also helps with the transparent panels at the shoulders/back. my other dolan tops have held up well and retained their color through washing s	Knits
I purchased this on one of retailer's 40% off sales, and got it for a great price. if you're looking for a pretty, comfortable t-shirt that's a little beyond the basic, this fits the bill. unfortunately the neckline was just a tad wide for me in the xs. i felt like it might show a peek of my bra, and when i adjusted it higher, the soft, stretchy material showed bra lines underneath. that issue, and the fact that the shirt is on the flowy side made it less-than-flattering for my small frame, but i	Knits
I'm not usually a fan of tees as i'm a little but busty, and don't like material that clings. the color of this tee is gorgeous, though. the neckline is feminine, and it has it enough weight that it moves.not sure how it'll wash, but will try to keep it out of the dryer.	Knits
Very pretty dress, perfect style for my build, bigger busted, muffin top. the material/pattern is really pretty.	Dresses
This is my go to top during the not so cold winter days.. can't be dressed up or down..	Knits
This is a nice basic solid top with the extra appeal of textured detail around the shoulders and back. the v-neck is flattering. this top can work with many different outfits. i only wish my store carried the petite length, as the regular was too long for me.	Knits
The green is terrific, and the pleat in the back makes the top flows nicely. great if you have some muffin top to hide (like me). and the details across the shoulders and back makes it more interesting than just a t. i'm concern about the quality of fabric. lately there's much rayon mix and they tend to pill or wear out and get holes after washing.	Knits
I tried this on in the burgundy color in the store, and hoping it goes on sale soon! the fabric is not too thin like some of their tops. i run the gamut in retailer sizes , but lean towards mediums. this top fit beautifully in a small! it drapes nicely and doesn't hug the body, nor is it too flowy, looking maternity-ish. i am 5'4" 140 and 34dd for reference . it looks like it will hold up well and the bit of lace makes it dressy casual. if it doesn't go on sale soon i might have to get it anyway b	Knits
Lovely top that seems to flatter all body types. fit is great, fabric is soft, style is lovely...great to dress up or throw on with jeans.	Knits
I ordered this attractive top in my usual size and tried it on with great anticipation. it fit perfectly except across the shoulders, a problem i haven't encountered before. i've tried it on twice more (do i hope my shoulders will shrink?), only to see that it pulls across the top of the back as before. otherwise, it is so pretty and flattering that i'll be truly sad to send it back.	Knits
The print and style of this dress is pure 60's. so fun! the black and white is especially striking. normally, i would wait a bit until the weather warmed up a bit more, but this dress is so cute and flattering, i just couldn't wait. the outer layer is actually sort of an open mesh. it's not extremely delicate, but could snag if you're not a bit careful. however, its the fabric that really makes it stand out so it's well worth it. i'd say the fit is true to size except if you're busty. i normally	Dresses
I do love sheath dresses and this one is very adorable!true to size and nice length.the black and white is kind of a throwback to the 60s flower power era and really cute.nice weight so feels substantial not the flimsy wrinkly type material; more like a crepe.very nice!	Dresses
This is a classic! not only is it reminiscent of a fun 60's swing dress but the perforated outer layer over a solid shift creates this modern edge to a reto style!!! love it!	Dresses
I liked this top so much that i purchased it in two colors: green and wine. the top and colors are exactly as pictured online, the material feels great, and they fit nicely. the fit was true to size.	Knits
I originally eyed this dress online - the lovely and comfortable weight of it can only be appreciated in person, however. it's a dress i'd be able to wear for hours on end.	Dresses
This tunic is wonderful, wash & wear - comfortable and classic - love the trim. many compliments on this top.	Knits
This top is cute and comfortable. i did order a size larger than i would normally wear. i usually wear a size small but i had to buy a medium (5'7", 145lbs, 34b).	Knits
I ordered this top online in two colors, and kept the berry color. i liked it while trying it on. when i wore it an entire day, the top just didn't look that good. it wasn't flattering, and it focused on the bad areas despite being loose fitting. it didn't seem very flattering. i wore it for one day and am not happy with my purchase. i wish i could send it back but i already wore it. the fit just isn't very flattering. it is loose but focuses on the curves not in a good way if you are curvy.	Knits
I love this dress! i wore it to my friends bridal shower and got so many compliments! i can't wait to wear it again!	Dresses
I ordered this dress in the black p8. i am 5' 3-1/2", 140lbs, 34dd. i am average length in the torso area.. when i tried it on i wasn't able to button the button at my chest and the belt came slightly above my natural waist line. the length of the dress hit above mid thigh. way to short for my comfort level. it almost looked like a babydoll dress or a tunic to wear over jeans! the material is good quality and has a nice slip lining underneath. another nice thing is that it has a hook and eye clo	Dresses
I purchased this pretty printed dress as soon as i spotted it on-line and ordered it in my usual size petite 6 (i'm 5'4" 34d-27-35) and found it fit me tts and looks just perfect on. i immediately adored all the different prints on this one, the length, the sweet sleeves and waist band and think this will look so adorable with a jean jacket paired with a cute pair of boots this coming fall amd winter. it's a great transition piece that also looks really cute with sandals or clogs as well. also,	Dresses
This is one of the best potential dresses i've seen from retailer, but it needs a do-over. i'm usually a 12 in this style of dress, but i sized up to a 16 (the largest size) and couldn't even button the top. even if i had been able to do so, i would have worn it as a tunic. i am 5'5'' and the largest size would have been a racy mini skirt at best on me if worn as a dress. this dress is fit for only the tiniest and most small-breasted of people. that said, if the company were to try again ne	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress, but i think the proportions are very weird. i'm 5'7" and usually go for an eight in unstructured dresses and a 10 in more structured dresses.it runs small throughout, and is too short for me to feel comfortable wearing to work. the front is nicely detailed, but the back looks weirdly forgotten and could use more detailing. i tried on three different sizes (8,10,and 12) and they all pulled weirdly at the chest. there's a little slip that goes with the dress, w	Dresses
This dress will be very useful. it fits loose, but it is suppose to. i plan to wear this to casual parties, out to dinner, and possibly a wedding at a winery. i weigh am 5' 6", weigh 145 lbs, and ordered a medium.	Dresses
I tried this dress at a store today and ended up ordering it online. i tried the red which is a beautiful, vibrant color. i wasn't sure how it looked on my skin tone though (pale like death), so i ordered the black. i do believe it runs small in the chest and shoulders. i am normally a size 4 in shirts, but the buttons were straining over my chest and my shoulders felt constricted. i tried the 6 and it was plenty roomy. for reference, i am a 32c with athletic shoulders. overall...pros:-an	Dresses
This is such a cute dress, and i don't know why know one has reviewed it yet. its different and fun, i have worn it to work once and have gotten several compliments on it. i found that it does run a bit short so i wore it with leggings.	Dresses
This dress is so cute and unique. i got many compliments when i wore it to an event recently and i know it will be a great summer dress. it definitely runs small and short on me. i am usually a 2/4 and needed a 6 in this dress.	Dresses
I bought this dress after eyeing it up for weeks - it's really stunning. the red is incredibly vibrant, especially for linen, and the construction is very high-quality. since it's linen, it feels crisp and light, and you can layer it up nicely with a pullover or roll up the sleeves for flat-out hot days. the rayon slip is a really nice touch, too, since the linen is fairly transparent. it really drove home the sense of quality for me. i bought mine in size 0-regular, which i found slightly big i	Dresses
So i tried this on in the store and ended up with the size 8 (almost could have gone with a size 6) even though i'm 135lbs 5'6" and 34 c. the dress is beautiful! the color is exactly as pictured - brilliant red. the linen is nice and summery. it does make it billow just a tad in the back because of the fabric but not anything to complain about. if i could change just one thing on this dress it would be the length. it just feels a little short for being such a classic and classy dress; just needs	Dresses
This dress looked really nice on the hanger but when i put it on it was shorter than expected. i am 5'9 and it hit way above the knees. too short to be a work dress which was what i was hoping. might work better on someone shorter.	Dresses
Dress is made from a light-weight linen and is lined with a separate slip. high quality with nice details and tts. sleeves are average length. length of dress feels appropriate on my 5'8" frame. hook-and-eye closure at chest area to keep buttons aligned is a quality detail. i think this is a lovely dress that can go from work to play.	Dresses
Dress is darling and well made. however, it runs very large. i tried to size down but then it became a little short in xsp. would be great for taller slim women. the style is so cute. the online picture does not do it justice.	Dresses
The model makes this dress look amazing, but it didn't translate that way on me. the print is really beautiful, i loved that, but the waist is huge and the skirt part is a-line and full, not streamlined like it looks on the model. if it was more like that this dress would be a hit. but, sadly, it's a miss. this is something your mom would love on you, but few others.	Dresses
This dress is a potato sack! from the picture i thought it was going to be a cute drop waist dress but the tailoring is so weird!! and it's huge on me, so maybe it would be better if i sized down but again based on the tailoring i think not. also the fabric is strange, not at all what i expected. i'm so sad :( i was really excited about this dress.	Dresses
I am 5'3 and tried this dress on in both a large and medium petite. the dress is supposed to be a lose fit but i found that i was swimming in the large but the medium was perfect. i bought it in a petite which is shorter for my comfort to wear alone but looks great with leggings and sandals for spring or with boots in the winter. the embroidery is beautiful plus it has pockets. first time i wore it i received tons of compliments.	Dresses
I think the description and image might be slightly misleading and is giving this dress a bad name...it's not a drop waist dress as indicated in the description. it's a swingy a line silhouette- more fitted in the bodice and swingy as it its bells at the hem- which i find flattering. another discrepancy is that the brand is hd in paris, not glamorous. however i happened to find an online return at my local store and liked the print so i tried it on and fell in love with the 60s retro vibe and pr	Dresses
This dress runs a bit small in my opinion. for reference i'm a 36/38 c and usually a 10. the medium is tight at the bust. the material is beautiful but it looks like a petite cut on me. the sleeve and overall length are too short and i'm going to return it.	Dresses
I love this tee, the fabric is very comfortable and the v-neck is not too deep for petites!	Knits
I wore this dress yesterday and was complemented wherever i went and asked where i purchased the dress. i love the linen and the back of the dress is so flattering. i ordered a medium and could have gone with a small, which i usually never wear, so i would order a size smaller.	Dresses
This dress is incredible on - better than the photos. the only problem is i am too busty to wear it bra-less or with a bandeau. if you don't have that problem, this is the perfect spring dress.	Dresses
I love everything about this dress. it is comfortable, classic, good quality and fits really well. there are two layers to the material so nothing is see through.the styling on the back is to die for. there is a subtle gold line that runs through the blue and white stripes. the first day i wore this i received 5 compliments while shopping in a single store!it is a bit loose in the middle, but i paired it with a skinny belt and it was the perfect fix. i can usually wear petite or regular. i p	Dresses
I purchased this dress in my regular size xs. i'd come across it several times at my local store but never thought much of it to try it on. . when i saw it was on sale i decided to take a chance. boy was i surprised. the dress is really beautiful.. the hints of gold reflect nicely.. the dress is comfortable and loose yet flattering. i received so many compliments on it. i am 5'1" and the regular length worked for me.	Dresses
I was using my daughter's dress and ended up buying myself one as well. it is a versatile casual dress... very flattering. (and my daughter and i have different builds) i actually wish that they sold this in more colors.	Dresses
I've gotten many compliments with this delightful dress. colors ar light and just right for a summer day. so comfortable and has a nice inner lining. very light and comfortable.	Dresses
I saw this dress several times and never try it. then i finally put it on. omg, i love it! it does run large. i am usually medium. but the small size is perfect on me i visually like the blue color. but the orange one is cuter on me. the length is great. i am 5'4''. it's right to my lower ankle. so i don't need to wear heel. the quality is very good. it's a great weekend dress.	Dresses
I am petite and curvy and usually need a dress with a seamed waistline, so i was a bit hesitant in ordering this when it went on sale, but i trusted the other reviewers who said it was flattering to women with curves. they were right! the way it's seamed vertically at the waist makes up for the lack of horizontal seaming and the result is that it's incredibly flattering. the fabric is light enough for warm weather, though it may be too heavy for hot weather. it's soft and has a very flattering n	Dresses
I was very impressed upon receiving this dress. i'm 5'3, 102lbs and ordered xs. fit perfect. i am also a 32dd, so if you are smaller than a d or big c, the top portion might be a little big for you. love how it is lined so you could technically wear without a bra. i bought the tangerine and have gotten many complements.	Dresses
I love the cut of this dress! i have to be honest and say that i initially bought the blue color at the store and after falling in love i decided that i deserved to have the mango colored one as well after seeing my sister in it! the sizing is just a tab big but it works for the design. so i would say stick with your usual size. amazing pop of color especially for summer. the back design is gorgeous and the gold streaks running through it are wonderful. do yourselves a favor and just try it on!	Dresses
The back of this dress is stunning. i am usually a petite but could get away with regular. tried on xs (115 lbs, 30dd chest) and it was good length and not too low cut. colors are really fun, the mango one has a tiny bit of sparkle in one of the lines. flory and airy.	Dresses
Great, flattering fit, lovely light fabric, classy with an edge. getting another one the other color! stripes on the taupe one are navy -	Knits
I am a shorter woman (5'3") and typically a size large. i purchased this dress in a large. it is flattering and fits well. good length as well.	Dresses
I absolutely love everything about this top! i got compliments the first time i wore it. i do not find the fabric to be sheer at all, but perfectly lightweight for the heat of summer. the neckline and sleeves seem tailor-fitted for my body. i don't often think much about sleeves but these sleeves are the perfect length/shape to be incredibly flattering. they're in a sweet spot somewhere in between a cap sleeve and regular-length. the neckline is equally perfect and hugs my curves beautifully wit	Knits
I'd wish i'd gotten this in a small.. i'm a true medium and its pretty big on me. that being said i still love it and will continue to wear it. the v part of the neck lays kind of funny after washing. i might try to sew it down.	Knits
I hated to send this dress back, but my busty and curvy figure looked bigger and rounder in this dress. sent it back. it is meant for taller and more slender women.	Dresses
This is already sold out in petites and the reason for this is asymmetrical stripes: this is the most flattering design for tops. horizontal stripes only look good on people trying to look bigger and heavier. do you know anyone like that, b/c i don't! vertical stripes, while slimming, generally look a little severe, modern, weird (occasionally great), while asymmetrical stripes knock 5lbs off a person. stock more asymmetrical striped tops, please!	Knits
This is a great dress that looks better in reality than it shows on the website. the style is very flattering, fitting snug at the waist with just the right amount of flare. i am 132 pounds, 34dd and i bought a size 8 and it fit great. the material is soft and flowing and the cut was true to size for me. the first time i wore it a woman walked across the restaurant to tell me how much she loved my dress. this one is a keeper.	Dresses
This dress fit perfectly and as i am a bit curvy the style compliments my figure. it is a bit fuller in the bottom than the photo looks. also, i am 5'4" and it is a right to the bottom of my knees which is also very complimentary.	Dresses
I am 5 '5 and 119 pounds with an athletic cury body type. the dress wore bulky and ran large at size 2.	Dresses
I first tried this dress in my usual size 4, and thought it was a pretty fabric but boring and not particularly flattering. i later read the positive reviews and the next time i was in the store i tried it in a 2, and it was so much better! very pretty shape. uiu might want to size down because the shoulders were set a little wide apart and bodice was gapping in my usual size. for reference, i'm 5'6", 125 lbs.	Dresses
Twirly full skirt!me: 5'6", 130lbs, 34/35a-28-36. tried and pictured the size 6, a perfect fit with a bit of give in the bust for a larger cup size.i'm not particularly curvy and i felt this added a waistline to me, i think this is an almost universally flattering cut.material was soft and an easy wear.simple enough that i think it will wear for quite a few years.	Dresses
I love this tee. i am long waisted and so many tops right now that are on the shorter side look silly on me so i was happy to find this. i'm 5' 5" 118, 34b and bought and xs. it fits perfectly. the asymmetry is darling and the stripes are perfect for spring. it is a nice weight and i felt totally worth the money. it looks great so far after three washes and hang dries.	Knits
This dress is nice colors and well made but it's just not the style for me. it almost fits frumpy. i'm not sure that a belt would even make it look good. also being 5'8, it is shorter than i'd wear. i like at least touching top of the foot for a maxi.	Dresses
So versatilei tried this on in my usual regular 0, but it was way too long at the shoulders, large in the bust(i am 32b), and a tad too long overall. i ordered the 0p and it fits perfectly! can wear this year round and looks great with or without a belt. pockets would have made it even better, but still love it.	Dresses
This top runs a little large. i should probably return for a smaller size but figure after i wash it, it'll shrink a bit. it's very flattering on and i really like the asymmetrical design. the only thing i don't like about it is that the fabric is a little itching without wearing a tank top underneath.	Knits
The picture does not do it justice. this dress is beautiful on. it is fitted on the top and flares on the bottom. it is also a very soft denim. the person helping me at the store brought a sparkly belt that made it even more spectacular. truth is it looks great with or without the belt. it fits true to size (5'4", 135 lbs and 34c and my usual size 2 was great).	Dresses
Product is sheer, but definitely adorable w/ any jean product! wouldn't pay full price but so glad i got it on sale w/ extra savings!!!	Knits
I bought this on sale and absolutely love it. i bought the xs, i'm 5'10, 145 lbs and a b/c cup and it fit well. i am considering sewing in cups, since i don't like using stick-on bras as much and none of my other bras work with the back. that really is my only complaint about the dress, everything else is great!	Dresses
I like this dress. i did have to return one for a regular from a petite size 8. normally i wear a size 6 in retailer dresses but since i have a large bust (34dd) i wanted to account for the needed room. with the petite the bust was not so much a problem as the ribcage, which was too tight. it is still fitted in the regular size 8, but doable. the 6 would have been impossible. i am aware that i have a slightly larger ribcage so i was not completely surprised. the other reason that i did not give th	Dresses
I picked this maxi up in navy to go with my summertime capsule wardrobe that i will be doing extensive travel with this summer. this dress is well made and fits my frame in a size m perfectly (5'4, 125lbs, 34c). it is substantial enough to disguise any backside indiscretions and the halter style front does not expose the girls. i do wear petals with this dress to ensure that i don't put on a show especially in air conditioned rooms. this launders easily and doesn't look rumpled and wilted after	Dresses
Not tissue thin like most tees and easily can be dressed up to wear to work in a casual setting. i find myself reaching for this tee weekly! have every color! i usually avoid stripes however this tee seems to flatter and slim! love!	Knits
I am 70 years old and enjoy retailer so much for uniqueness.this dress is not flattering in the photo..but.....it is great on a curvy figure and i plan to wear it anywhere/everywhere i can....so flatteringfrom the bust to the smaller waist (though mine is definitely not small) but the skirt thenflares deligthfully. the fabric is not heavy, not too light ...just great.easy going length...wear as is or add a crop, belt, etc....again, the photo does not do this dress justice!!!!	Dresses
I love love love this dress..it's a quality well fitting jean dress..that you can dress up or down..the top portion dies run small..so of you are busy you might want to stay away from this dress..	Dresses
This dress has all the hallmarks of a classic. the fit of the bodice is form enhancing but modest and the flare is very feminine and swingy. i love the soft denim fabric though it smelled funny out of the package and i had to air it out. i am 140# 36dd and bought the size 8.	Dresses
Was excited to receive this dress, as it had some great reviews. however, of the love was coming from the 5'5"+ set. as a petite, this didn't work well for me, and the fabric flattened me out in the bust in an awkward way. returned.	Dresses
If you are curvy, this dress is for you. every details is flattering, from the seams to the fit-and-flare cut. true to size. this dress will easily cross seasons. love it!	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. it is a perfect fit and very flattering.	Dresses
Fits perfectly! i don't think this is too long and i'm a shorty. great style -- wish it came in more colors - i would definitely buy again!	Knits
I love this shirt. i wore it once and it is so cute on - the problem came from washing. i washed once and made sure i washed on gentle. i took it out of the washer and hung it to dry and noticed that there was now a tiny hole in the body of the shirt. i am planning to exchange this and hoping it doesn't happen again!	Knits
I ordered this shirt in both white and coral. i absolutely love the design and coral color. the white was a bit see through, so i returned it. it would be cute with a cami under, but i just wanted something that did not require an extra layer. overall, it is a flattering fit and i love the detail on the back.	Knits
This shirt is incredibly soft! i was drawn to the style based on the feel of the material and the cute tie up detailing in the back. definitely size down. the sleeves were a little snug, but sizing down will help with the length and the bust. my only problem with this shirt is that if you bend over, anyone can see down your top. so be aware! otherwise, the top is great and perfect for summer.	Knits
I absolutely adore this top. the design on the front is super bright and beautifully done, so beware if you do not like bright colored patterns. i normally wear a size medium and bought a large in this shirt because of reading other reviews, i am glad i did so. i have broad shoulders and muscular arms, and i believe a medium would not have fit my arms and shoulders. however, it is a little boxy in the torso area because of the extra material. therefore, i feel a large feels like a medium in the	Knits
Yes, $48 may feel like a lot to pay for a tshirt, but this is one is worth it -- i can wear this with *everything*! i bought this in grey, and the quality and style are just right to pair with a high waisted skirt or black skinny pants to wear out at night, or wear with regular jeans and a cardigan during the day. one of the best retailer purchases i've made in a while!	Knits
Love this top, the flutter sleeves are really pretty and give the top a bit more pizzazz than just being a regular tee. it makes it easy to dress up or down. the length is great, not super long but not too short. i ordered a medium and it fits well, not tight and isn't baggy, the material allows it to float away from the body a bit and doesn't feel stretched over my belly :) or anything. nice silky weight.	Knits
I bought three of these tees. i kept the turquoise one only though. the color was pretty - a little drab but not too bad.  i love the style., the fabric is so soft and the one i wore was super comfy. the sleeves are cute without being too dramatic (like the ruffle sleeve tee - the sleeves were kind of ridiculous on me) now - the cons - the colors are pretty drab. i normally look better in more vibrant colors. the "red" i bought made me look like a corpse. it's not pretty at all. can't re	Knits
I just got this top in store today. all the colors were "heathered ", pretty casual colors. the top is extremely soft and i would say true to size. love the flutter sleeves that give nice feminine details. i hope it doesn't shrink in the wash and wears well! also, i found that the purple color seemed to run slightly smaller than the others? kind of odd, but i thought worth mentioning:)	Knits
As far as t-shirts go, this one is fun, i love the lace up detail in the back. the xs regular fit nicely (115 lbs, 30dd), the shirt flares out (swing), so it can be a little much on the smaller gals, but it was ok enough on me that the stylist decided to try it on too. the orange color was pretty, but i decided to pass as i have a lot of orange tops... and that is the color that was most flattering on my skin. amterial is on the thinner side and a little tiny sheer, must be the trend...	Knits
This tee was meant to be loose and swishy, but as it runs large, sizing down means the sides come up really high, as they curve a good 3-4" higher up. so your waistband is exposed, and it just doesn't look nice:( returned an xs and small.	Knits
I bought the mauve color and it's very pretty. i felt as though sizing up was a better choice. i'm usually an xs or a small and i went with the small. i liked the length of the small better. the shoulders add a cute look to it.	Knits
I bought the lavender in my normal large. the fabric drapes wonderfully and does not cling to my midsection. the texture of the fabric is much more interesting than the photos online show. there is beautiful shimmer tot he heather in the color. in my lavender shirt there is pink/gray/lavendar/white/silver depth to the fabric. i plan on getting at least two more colors. i recommend washing all shirts like this in a nylon bag in the machine, then line drying. i have done this for years with al	Knits
Agreed that the pictures do not do this top justice. it's got shiny threads woven in the fabric and gives off an iridescent, colorful sheen. it can be dressed up or down, worn with a number of various styles - jeans, dress pants, skirts. the back adn arms are a tweed sweater knit, the front is an unforgiving acetate - dry clean only - hand wash will ruin this piece! i normally wear a small, but it was tight in the chest (34c) so i went with a medium and it worked fine.) no stretch in the acetate	Knits
I ordered this top in white along with the meadow rue lace sleeve top. while they are the same price, they aren't even close in quality. this top is one of the sheerest tops that i have seen. the trim, pocket and the lace-up tie are made from sheer type material that was twisted and didn't lay right, and the tag sewn inside, was sewn with red thread and showed through, very visible. i don' t think it would hold up after many washes. i returned this one and ordered another color in the lace sleev	Knits
I purchased this tee last week in white and love it! as soon as i saw that it was on sale i ran to get a price adjustment and to pick up a few more colors! i had every intention to grab up the blue today however i tried on four larges and all were cut way shorter than the other colors. i ended up purchasing the red which fits exactly as my white one does. perfect light weight, easy, but adorable tee for summer!	Knits
Really interesting, beautiful colors. i found it to be short, even in the regular size (and i'm 5'1 with a short torso). wish the fit was slimmer, but i could see it working with jeans, or being stunning with a black ball skirt.	Knits
Bought all colors and each one is unique in its beauty. material is thicker than most thin tops today but not too thick for the summer. i wear size 12/14 and the xl fit with room to spare. i bought larger in case of shrinkage.	Knits
It's thin, very. but i were a cute scrappy athletic type bra underneath and it's so cute!it's a stink top, i pick a spot to tuck in around the from and let the rest flow.aside from being a swing top, it runs large. i have 2 in xs and i'm a 34dd and i still have room.i have it in faded red/pink and white and am buying blue too, love it!	Knits
I didn't pay much attention to this shirt on the website...when i was in the store yesterday though, i grabbed the green color because it's so pretty! i went back home to see which shirt this was on the website and was surprised. the picture here really doesn't do it justice. it's very soft, has a beautiful and flattering necklace and the flutter sleeves hang nicely rather than puffing out (like snow white...which isn't my goal!). also, because the sleeves drape nicely, you could wear it under s	Knits
I ordered this in a l online, and wasn't a fan when i received it. the colors are pretty bright, but they also look cheap in my opinion. it also had an awkward fit, because of the material there is no give at all, it was really tight on my chest (36d) for reference. and it was also pretty short, and i'm short! it barely hit the top of my pants...and i'm 5'2! back it went.	Knits
I absolutely love this top. it can be worn with shorts or jeans, dressed up or down. it fits perfectly, i am broad on top so i ordered a large. i bought it in white..i wish they had more colors. love it.	Knits
I bought this top in every color. the fit is so flattering and just flows so nicely - not too big. love!	Knits
If you are self conscious about your arms and want a tee that has style then this is the one. soft fabric with a flutter sleeve makes this top so flattering. i purchased the turquoise and will purchase other colors. it's flowy comfortable and a must have!	Knits
The colors and textures on this top are fun. however, the boxy shape isn't very flattering and poofs out a bit around the belly. maybe it would look a bit more feminine on someone with a curvier chest. i would size up if between sizes because the top part around the arms is not very roomy. i tried it on at the store but decided to pass because the xs was a little tight around the arms but the s billowed around the belly too much. still a cute piece if it works for you fit-wise.	Knits
I ordered this in the blue, it's a beautiful shade of blue. love the lace up detail in the back, but the size small was just short and very wide. i understand it is a swing top, but this was not flattering on me. i'm short waisted, 34-d, 5'3, 125 lbs. i'm sure it would be cute on a very thin person.	Knits
This tee fits true to size, not oversized. the material is super soft and the colors are delicate. the armholes don't show your bra which is hard to find. nothing bad to say about this top except that my size was sold out in every color but lavender (which was lovely!).	Knits
This sweater is so unique. not for the faint of heart but it's beautiful. hubby thought pattern looked southeast asian inspired. the colors are saturated, vibrant. love the raglan sleeves and the tweed on the sleeves and in the back. the front material is slightly stiffer. i feel like i have a little bit more bulk in the stomach area than i want but i'm willing to overlook it. will be a great sweater for the holiday season. wear it with a skirt, jeans, skinny cargos. endless possibilities.	Knits
The sleeve detail is cute and well done. the fabric is nice quality, but the body of the shirt really doesn't have any shape.	Knits
Super flattering, a great length for me (5'9") but very sheer.	Knits
I love this tshirt, but the speckled grey looks more like roof shingles in person. i'm going to try to exchange it for a different color.	Knits
While shopping with my daughters, i bought this tee in white. i immediately felt guilty for spending too much on a white tee that was thin and see-through enough that i'd need to wear something underneath. i returned the white, but then retailer had a sale weekend, so i ordered the blue with a discount, so less guilt and the color is beautiful. i don't need to worry about wearing anything underneath - the fabric is very thin and super soft and feels so nice.	Knits
I don't normally write reviews, but i love this shirt! it's sooo soft and hangs perfectly. not to mention it takes what could be a boring t-shirt and makes it anything but that with the cute flutter sleeves. it's beyond comfortable. i purchased one and went back immediately to get another! i can tell these will be some of my go-to tees. plus, they are a steal on sale! i am 5'5, 135 and medium is perfect.	Knits
I bought this shirt in blue (because the store was out of gray and i had to have it right then) and it is my favorite. it is comfortable and durable. i also appreciate the length of the shirt. it is long enough for me to not worry about putting my arms up. it is an overall great buy. i want one in every color.	Knits
Cute shirt. i thought from the model that it would be big so sized down. it's more snug than i expected so will send back and re-order in normal size. might order 1 size up and compare.	Knits
Really fantastic shirt. ordered multiple colors and will keep them all. the gray especially looks a bit boring online, but is gorgeous in real life. it has different shades mixed together and is really pretty. neckline is interesting. wish the front was a tad shorter, (i'm 5'4) but don't think petite will work. really, really great shirt.	Knits
Like the idea of this shirt so much. but the neckline was still way too low- the top of my bra was visible. wishing the under layer really covered as no way i'm going to another layer to an already layered shirt. might just be my body type, so might work for someone else, but sending back.	Knits
I adore a well made and well fit tshirt. t.la always delivers! this one is no exception. fun, swingy and light. the tie on back is a fun little addition and the length is perfect. i'm 5'9 and always prefer longer tops. the swing in this one gives it a great length. love the colors but decided to stick with basic white. i'd love this in black too! highly recommend!	Knits
The colors are really lovely--bright and vibrant. the sleeve and back fabric is comfortable and breathable. it is dry-clean only because of the brocade, but definitely worth it! i'm usually s but preferred the xs fit.	Knits
I loved this t-shirt when i first tried it on: a good cut--not too drapey or fitted. but then i washed it (laid flat to dry) and it shrunk so much that it's unwearable now. so disappointing.	Knits
I bought this shirt in 3 colors. soft, comfortable fabric, as other reviewers have mentioned, and nice detailed sleeve. i am gravely disappointed in the fabric quality since after wearing this one time with a necklace (as shown in the picture) it developed tiny pulls. i should mention that it was a very plain necklace, nothing sharp, pointy etc. i will most likely return all 3 shirts.	Knits
Great summer shirt, loose and casual. it's pretty flowy and not form-fitted at all. i almost always wear a petite xs in retailer, and that is what i got (i'm 5'4 and 125 pounds). fits great- loose and swingy, but is big (i like this). retailer, please get/restock petites for the pink color!	Knits
One wash wonder...i'm a s to m and went with a m but could have gone with a s with ease. after washing it was way shorter. it shrunk more than a whole size in cold water! i assumed everything came preshrunk but sadly disappointed. great for one wear.	Knits
Great sweater for any occasion. may be dressed up and/or worn with jeans. very versatile. love that it is short sleeves. size is true to fit.	Knits
I don't know why i never reviewed this beauty. i love the colors and pleats and contrasting embroidery. i'm busty	Dresses
This is a beautiful and comfortable top. the brocade front panel is a nice take on a traditional pattern but in bright colors with a metallic sheen. the knit sleeves and back are a stretchy, nubby complement. overall, a great piece and perfect for the holidays.	Knits
Love this top...bought in 2 colors...white and the orange. fun change to regular t-shirts....sized down because its flowy.	Knits
I love the print and design, the photo does not do it justice. i fell in love with it in the store but could not find my size. i ordered my size online but it was still small and short. it came up to my waist, and was tight in the shoulders and waist. i really wish it wasn't so small. i love love this top, the colors are vibrant and shiny, totally my style. i highly recommend it if it fits.	Knits
Love this top! i have it in the green and i am tempted to go and buy it in the other colors! it is a simple, but cute top that is easy and comfortable to wear. a little dressier than a plain tee.	Knits
I purchased the blue (a bluish gray), size medium.the entire top, including the fluttery sleeves, drapes wonderfully and is sooo soft. i wish i could wear this top/this silhouette every day! it's versatile enough to do so, if only the other colors were flattering to my coloring. sleeves: i'm thrilled to find a shirt that fits/flatters my proportional curves and sports sleeves that don't grip my biceps. often, i must choose to fit my arms or fit my torso, unless i want the additional step	Knits
I was thrilled when this shirt arrived. it is as cute in person as in the catalog. it's soft, it fit perfect, and it looks great with shorts and pants. it will be my "go to" shirt this summer.	Knits
I would describe as an upgraded t-shirt. a perfect flowy top that you can dress up or down. comfortable and soft material.	Knits
Super cute t-shirt keep in mind to is fairly long	Knits
I washed and dried this in my dryer after one wear and it shrunk to the size of a toddler shirt. i dried it on medium. i can not really wear it unless i want to show off my belly. i loved the color (lilac). fit, and style when i received it and immediately put it on. so sad about the shrinkage. for a $58 shirt i expected a bit more. retailer should suggest air drying the shirt. so bummed and disappointed!!!! i would not recommend this shirt unless you can remember to air dry it every time.	Knits
Love this, it's a great update your basic tee!	Knits
I love this dress! it is amazingly comfortable and flattering (i would think to many body types). i have a more athletic, petite body build and this dress gives me great curves. i have already received so many compliments while wearing it out! the best part is, i can wear it to work (i'm a teacher), and then wear it out by easily dressing it up.	Dresses
Love this t-shirt, its comfortable and very cute. it runs a little large i am 5'0 110 pounds and got a xs. the color is a little brighter than the picture.	Knits
The back of the shirt has a tag stitched in with red thread that goes through to the outside of the shirt. it is very visible and looks terrible - especially since the back is the focal point of the shirt. do not recommend	Knits
The shirt is very soft but it felt very large and unflattering. the back felt bulky and looked awkward. definitely returning.	Knits
I wanted to love this dress... and i did until i turned around. the back seam didn't hang right. it pulled towards the knotted side, across my behind. i tried on two different xs that they has in store and both had the same issue. one of the dresses hung much looser, i had to recheck the tag because i didn't believe it was the same size! disappointing because it really is pretty and showcases curves nicely.	Dresses
I got a small (5'9, 135lbs) and it fits great! it is super comfortable and also looks really good on.	Dresses
I was bummed about this top. detail on back is pretty, even so, not worth it. i'm usually an xs i'm 120 lbs and it fit true to size. guess i had higher expectations. i'm feel consistently let down with what the pictures convey and the actual item when it arrives in person...	Knits
This tunic is just adorable. material is very soft and slightly stretchy and drapes so nicely with just the right amount of fullness without spilling into maternity territory. i got it in the pink color which is really a very beautiful rose color, perfect for spring. the tie back detail is so cute and adds a feminine touch.fit is tts. i'm 5' 103 lbs 32b and i got it in an xxs regular which fits me perfectly. i was afraid it would be too long on me since there was no option for petite sizes in	Knits
Love the lilac purple color, breathable yet not see through material is soft on your skin. i like the small detail cut out in the back, and a high bonus point for not showing your bra. one minor thing i would change is the length of the string in the back, but not a big deal.	Knits
I purchased this product online so wasn't able to try it on before purchase. it fits perfect. i am 5'7 and 160 lbs. the only thing i did not like was the fabric, it is very thin. you can see undergarment lines in the back.	Dresses
I brought this shirt for a vacation, it fitted well and was flattering. totally a comfortable wear, however, after 1 wash on delicate & hang dry small holes appeared near the bottom. i am hoping i can return it. not worth the money.	Knits
Very cute, but i would not call it pink. it's more of a melon color.	Knits
I ordered a regular size s and it was way too boxy for my body type and shorter than the stated length. i don't know if the length stated is from a size m, but the small was definitely shorter (in the front at least). if you're petite with curves like me, it's not a flattering cut.	Knits
I usually love tops like this, i bought this is the store because if was so soft. got it home and was so disappointed because it is not very flattering at all.would be a great house top though because it is soft enough to sleep in.	Knits
After seeing this top in the catalog i also spotted it in the retailer store. the peach color is even more perfect in person and compliments my skin tone perfectly. the style of the top is unique and flattering. now that i see even more colors, i'll need to buy more. my one reservation is that the material is super soft but very thin, so i hope it doesn't get holes - i want to wear this one all summer!	Knits
This is a great everyday top that is very versatile.	Knits
I'm 5'4" 120# , 34d. this dress did nothing for me. the seem on the side with the knot doesn't look right. it's almost on the side but not really. there's a seem down the center of the butt from the waist. it looks weird from the back because it's such a fine striped print. not flattering at all. the dress is comfortable due to the stretchy knit and it has a stretchy knit lining. hit me just a bit lower than on the model.	Dresses
Yes, this top is not of the best quality but i bought it on sale with an additional 25% off. it has a very cute design on the back and will be cute on while running errands on a hot day. it's true to size: i'm 5'6", 150 lbs and m fit well.	Knits
That was the only color i liked. it's great if you have a tummy like me and is long enough in the back to cover your butt. back detail is cute, but annoying. sometimes it shifts around and my bra shows, and the string is at least 3 feet too long. not bad, i wear it with white gauze pants, looks nice. good with leggings too.	Knits
This dress is made very well and can be dressed up or down! it can be worn with open toe wedges in spring and summer and cute booties in the fall.	Dresses
The dress is lovely. my only knock on it is i didn't really feel like the top and the skirt matched in terms of level of dress. i guess the top just wasn't "fancy" enough for me. but it is a very beautiful skirt. i wish it was in a tea length. the fit was spot on.	Dresses
I got a medium as i usually wear that in everything. i am a 36d and this pulled a bit across my chest and back. it is a cute idea, but the fit is off for my body. i am 5'6 and hits me shorter than shown on the model, so hits at an odd length. i may try to order a large and see if it is better on me, because i am so hopeful for this to look cute on me! the teal blue color is beautiful, the pink is more a blush and washed me out, the grey is just grey. i bought three thinking this would be my go t	Knits
I was so disappointed when i received this top. the color is some washed-out faded version of the picture shown and the cut is much fuller than it looks in the picture. the back is cute but not worth the awful, drab actual color.	Knits
I just received this today by mail, i am going to keep it as the reddish color is really pretty, it is very lightweight and will travel well for my summer vacations. however my first observation is the same as was noted in a previous review - not quite sure how to keep this dress in place - as soon as you move your arms around the dress goes out of place - and it slips back onto your shoulders . hopefully it will work out, will try a couple more times before i make a final decision i think.	Dresses
I agree with a prior reviewer who stated this seems overpriced - it is. it's very lightweight and not quite the quality i would expect for the price (the washing instructions tag was sewn in all crooked - really?). i ordered the black as i was hoping to wear this to a dressy (though not formal) event but i am not sure it works on me. i think it would be a really fun summer dress option in either of the 2 colors (the blue looks really pretty online).it is very cute but definitely runs large.	Dresses
This is my new favorite summer dress, seriously. i purchased this dress while there were no reviews at the time but i'm so glad a took a chance. the colors are pretty close to the picture shown; maybe more of a lilac hue than mauve. i normally wear a 6 petite or a 4 regular in dresses, so i went with a 6p. as other reviewers have mentioned, this dress seems to run a little bigger so i could have easily gotten a 4 petite (for the shorter length) and it still would've been flowy. i have chosen to	Dresses
Dress really pretty and great quality. slip is small if large breasted.	Dresses
I loved the fit and vibrant color of this dress. it's loose and flows but doesn't look like a potato sack. i wore it once and got a ton of compliments. that said, i hand washed it, as the tag states, then let it line dry, and it shrunk to half its size! i re-checked the tag and noticed that under the hand wash instructions it then states "dry clean recommended." boo. so disappointed that i spend over $100 for a dress i wore once.	Dresses
I found this at my retailer store--the only dress left. i bought this in black in my usual size small (4-6). this dress was so pretty on and fabulous in hot weather. the material is gauzy and so the look is casual. i'm not sure i would wear it in the evening but the fit was great. i am tall, (5' 9") and the dress is long enough for me. i would say it is the same length as on the model. it is a bit pricey for what it is but i bought it as a birthday gift to myself.	Dresses
Beautiful dress...appropriate for sunday, and special occasions. grab a 'honey slip' to compensate for the sheerness, and you're set! one star off for static cling. otherwise, no regrets with this purchase.	Dresses
Runs a tad big but not enough to say it runs large if that makes sense - but just beautiful!	Dresses
My mother, who is not a dress person, ordered this dress for a summer wedding in the black hills. we'd spend 20+ hours searching for the perfect dress, and she'd returned three other options (different stores). after admiring this dress for awhile, she decided to try it, and is so happy she did! the color is just a slightly darker shade of purple than what is pictured in most of the images, but that's what she was hoping for. it fits wonderfully, and looks extremely elegant.	Dresses
Yes! this dress is so lovely. i wear a size 6. a size 6 in this was perfect. under slip over a delicate overlay. heading to italy and this will be so perfect. drape is so flattering. colors are feminine. cut is lovely. effortlessly elegant and reads much more expensive. don't hesitate. a special one.	Dresses
When i received this dress in the mail, i was thrilled. i loved the color and the style, although a bit too much material but comfortable. when i went to show my husband the dress, his first comment was very sexy. i can see your underwear and your skin!!! i don't understand why no one mentioned this in any of the comments on this dress. when i went into the light i saw that the dress was see through and i sadly had to return it.	Dresses
Light and delicate and certainly not a color i would usually pick for myself but at sale price this was a lucky steal for me! if i had known how much i would love this dress i would've paid full price. as for sizing, i am top heavy but picked the smaller end of my size range instead of my usual. the slip is just about tts and the silk outer is larger and flowy. for fit reference: 5'3", 36dd, 140#, barrel chested, large upper arms and i purchased size 8.	Dresses
This dress is so beautiful. i am 50 5'8" and smaller on top larger on bottom. size 6 is perfect! was worried that it would hit me in all the wrong places. happy to say it does not. wore it for the first time yesterday and no lie i received no less than 15 compliments from strangers. just walked up to tell me how great the dress was. colors are so soft and beautiful. would buy in other colors if they had it. i can see myself wearing it to a casual dinner, to a wedding our just to feel special on	Dresses
Like my title suggests this is lovely and perfect for summer. the lining however is not silk it's rayon and sat weird on me. it offered no coverage on my top and actually is quite useless (i do have a large bust). i have a free people slip that will work and because of that will i'm keeping the dress. the outer shell is silk and really lovely and the colours are true to the picture.	Dresses
I was a little apprehensive about getting this dress without any reviews, but i am really glad i did. first, it looks exactly as pictured, maybe even more beautiful. the material is nice and flowing, and very light, so it's going to make a fantastic summer dress. there are two layers- an under layer which can be completely detached from the pink silk top layer. the reason why i say true to size is that even though the pink silk layer is pretty loose, the bottom layer conforms more your body. i'	Dresses
I really like the color and flow of this dress. the dress itself fit well however the slip was extremely tight through the bust. i have a large bust at 34d however most dresses are still wearable especially flowy dresses. unfortunately i had to return this one because of the slip.	Dresses
This dress is a beautiful classic ! i am 5"3 113 size 0 fits perfectly !	Dresses
I really like this shirt. it runs somewhat big but i love the oversized effect as seen on the model. i normally wear a m in shirts and the s was spot on. the only quality issue is with the buttons..they are a bit flimsy when you unbutton them. other than that, this is a great shirt and the price with the promo is just right.	Knits
This dress is beautiful. i love the collar and tie neck detail. i decided to order up a size and am very glad i did (i normally wear a 0 or 2 petite and ordered this in a 4 petite). it fits perfect with a little room...not snug at all, which i like. the description says its a slimmer fit so i'm happy i ordered the size i did. i'm excited to wear it and add it to my wardrobe.	Dresses
Beautiful, timeless dress. runs small, straight fit. can't wait to wear it to work or a function,	Dresses
Omg! where have you been all my life? this t-shirt is the best....not see-through, perfect length, perfect v-neck (no cami required), amazing colors, perfect shape, not tight (body skimming), doesn't poof out or look weird on larger busts and goes with everything from jeans to dress pants. i want every color, but for now i ordered the moss and blue which goes perfectly with my fair skin and long silver hair. oh and did i mention the sleeves are perfect to wear with or without a cardigan! no slee	Knits
I love this dress. so cute and easy to wear. with sandals, flip flops or tennis shoes. the material is a bit thicker than what i prefer for warmer weather, but very comfortable. this is my new favorite weekend/errand/summer out and about dress. can't wait to take it on vacation!	Dresses
Great basic tee with just the right amount of extra detail. the length is perfect--not too long, not too short. fit is relaxed and comfortable without looking sloppy. i'm coming back for more colors!	Knits
As with many of retailer's tops these days, there is a lot of fabric on this tee. it hangs fairly well, though. the white color is cream, which didn't work for me but isn't bad. a little sheer but wearable with a nude bra. if you have a thinnish upper body, order down a size!	Knits
This is the best dress. i received it last week and have already worn it three times. perfect fit. casual and so easy but the length and front details make it so fun. thicker than many other "tshirt" dresses... but light enough that i wasn't overly hot on super warm days. def recommend!!!!	Dresses
I tried this on in the store and was pleasantly surprised at how cute it was! i'm 5'4" and the large fits me loosely but is still shapely. because it's a little longer on me, it's great to wear both to work and on the weekends. just wish it came in more colors! you can't see the color in the photo, but there's a sea green lining which is a cute touch!	Dresses
Love this dress. i'm wearing it as a bridesmaid in a fall, casual outdoor wedding. i think it's fancy enough and can also be dressed down later. i'm 6' tall and skinny, with large breasts and this dress fits. beautiful! not too much cleavage. :)it's not real lace but no one could tell. great quality and nice weight to dress. great for dancing and spinning!	Dresses
This tee is very comfortable and the colors are amazing! i initially purchased in the marigold yellow as i was instantly drawn to the color in store. it's a beautiful shade that will transition nicely into fall. i've since purchased the green which i liked on even more so than on the rack. overall, a nice quality everyday tee. the pocket and embroidered neck make it something retailer!!	Knits
Overall: a super comfy dress that you can wear anywhere. short, petite ladies beware though; the dress does not hang at your natural waist like it shows in the model's photos. in order for me to have it sit at my waist, the dress was folded over and did not flatter.	Dresses
I just bought this tee in red. i have worn it and washed it once. i noticed that there is a hole already by the top of the pocket. considering the price, i would hope that it lasts for more than one season.	Knits
I am usually a 00 or 0 in dresses, and i ended up with a 4 in this one. i could barley zip up the 0, and while i could have gotten away with the 2, there is no elasticity in the waistband. the 4 is very slightly roomy, but more comfortable than the smaller sizes on me. for reference, i'm 109-111 lbs, 5'4, and a 30b. when i was finally able to wear the dress, i got compliments galore. it really is a beautiful dress! just be sure to size up!	Dresses
This dress is very versatile and flattering on-- i've already worn it out to casual cocktails with friends twice since i've gotten it. i'm 5'3 and 125 lbs and the 4 petite worked perfectly on me.	Dresses
Super comfortable summer dress. just bought it yesterday and i don't want to take it off. soft lightweight fabric.	Dresses
Great color but frumpy fit. if you have any bust, it looks a bit like maternity	Knits
I'm being eyeballing this dress for quite a while, finally i decided to jump on it and i was so ansy to receive it in the mail, finally arrived and some how wasn't what i was expecting, the front part has 2 pieces of fabric attached to the sides of the dress that wrap around your waist making that effect you see on the model. to be honest i didn't like that at all, i think they ruined the dress with that, the dress is very comfortable feeling, the fabric is super soft i can imagine wearing this	Dresses
Nice non clingy cut. has details so more than a basic t-shirt.	Knits
Dress just did not fit will around the hips. also the string belt was defective - basically about to come off. looks like someone may have wore it and returned it. was not flattering at all.	Dresses
I'm 7 months pregnant and bought this dress yesterday, it is perfect! the wrap design makes it possible to expand the skirt and still look cute. i'm 5'3" bought the small and look forward to wearing this after i deliver as well.	Dresses
I bought this in xl and it fits just as shown. i could size down to a l and it would still fit because there is a lot of flow to this top. so, if you want a more tailored, but loose fit, then size down. but, it isn't boxy. and, the deep v is sexy, but not immodest. and the pocket looks like silk, but it's just polyester. the pleating in the back gives this movement or move-ability, like when you drive. there isn't much pull. it's a thin light material and very cool for hot, humid summer	Knits
This is such a beautiful top, so flattering, soft and comfortable. it is great as a layering piece. the colors are vibrant. the blue is a gorgeous blue, a deep cobalt blue. i got one in every color.	Knits
I own this in the dark blue and adore it. i read reviews later as i was pondering buying the white (why is it so hard to find a white shirt anymore that isn't see-through?!). one of the first reviewers raved that it wasn't see-through. i ordered it and ... nope, it's totally see-through. i tried it on and immediately saw the entire outline of my nude bra, and worse still - my belly button. back it went. i got the green instead. bummer about the white - fabric's different than the others.	Knits
Beautiful dress that is very flattering! wearing it to my bridal shower. more appropriate for spring or summer!	Dresses
This is a very appealing and flattering tee! the details really make this quite lovely: the back pleat makes the fit fabulous and motion ideal, the stitching at the neckline is attractive and artistically pleasing, the proportions are balanced, nothing too full or tight. although the tee is 100% cotton, the pocket is 100% polyester, quite silky and a nice accent. i bought the "white", which is more of an ivory and gorgeous, with complementary deeper ivory stitching. my usual medium fits great (s	Knits
I purchased this in london, early april, and i wore it to a summer wedding. it was perfect and hangs very nicely. the colors are rich and the deep blue flowers have texture. the front slit goes up to about the knee but doesn't split apart when walking which i appreciated. the only thing that i felt was a little off was the circumference of the sleeves. i have to keep them unbuttoned but thankfully it looks like just an interesting detail and not so much like an unbuttoned sleeve. a definite keep	Dresses
This top fits tts. the sweater part is cream, eyelet material is white. love it!	Knits
I actually had no problem with the neck hole of this shirt, even with the xs size. however, i had a huge issue with the bottom eyelet section. it's so tight! it stretches across my thighs and looks so funny, as the top part is still loose. i tried moving up to a size small and still had this problem. maybe just not for girls with thighs ... very strange fit.	Knits
I love this top. i wish i had more like this to cycle into my wardrobe	Knits
I loved the layered look without all the bulk. the different textures make it so interesting.	Knits
I like the casual look of this top.like previous review - it doesn't have buttons or zipper, so a little difficult to fit into - pullover your head.	Knits
Just gorgeous, the dress makes a nice transition piece for early fall! perfect in every way!	Dresses
I loved this dress after seeing it online.it is a pullover dress, and is easy to get on. my major problem with the dress is that the waist is extremely high (about 3 inches over my natural waist), and i usually have no problem with the placement of the waist in dresses. i'm going to keep the dress because i like everything else about it: the fit is flattering and the dress will be seasonless here in california. i"ll search for a wide belt to cover the waistline, or perhaps skip a belt altogether	Dresses
Can't say how much i love this top - ordered on a whim and when it arrived i was so pleasantly surprised. the sweatshirt fabric is thick, the under layers are high quality sheers. super easy to dress up or down - i wore it to a (casual) company holiday party and got tons of compliments. bonus that i just had a baby and the top seemed to hide my not-quite-prepregnancy body, but will also look great when i am back in shape. a definite keeper!	Knits
The print on this dress is gorgeous---but the material does not stretch whatsoever, and there are not zippers or buttons to ease in the fit. i always, always, always wear a size zero. it was a massive struggle to even get the dress over my head and on to my body. i felt like i was getting crushed! once on, although awfully small, the dress is just beautiful in every way. so chic! i just returned it and ordered two sizes up---here's hoping it fits!	Dresses
The only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that it is way too small in the chest if you have anything up there.i usually always wear size 4 dresses. not in this dress! this beauty is a full size too small. trust me it is gorgeous but there is no stretch. it needs a zipper . that said, i exchanged it for the size 6 and all the flaws that i've read in reviews disappear. the sleeves are better and it falls nicely and is comfortable. also, there is no lining. just good to know.once you get it ov	Dresses
I really love the colors of this dress - very unique and classy combo. little bit of a retro look to it. even though there is no zipper it's somehow fitted and flattering. i plan to wear it to a wedding this summer in the mountains where it gets chilly in the evening so i'm thrilled to find a summer dress with sleeves. it will work well for plenty of other occasions too. only problem is the buttons on the sleeves are nearly impossible to button. just too tight. for reference i'm 5'9", 140 lbs an	Dresses
Very cute print but runs large. it is really long too.	Knits
I love bows,this dress is very cute and flattering, while being comfortable. it may be sleeveless, but i think with the right boots and cardigan, it can be brought into fall easily. color is a nice green. i tried on both the 00p and 0p, and though i loved the fit of the 00p better (width), i preferred the length of the 0p - otherwise, not much difference there... i think it is well worth keeping it, even though i don't need yet another dress... material is pretty comfortable too. back is lower	Dresses
Really adorable and very retro looking.. fits true to size but i got it a size larger because i wanted to tie up the bottom.. have had it 3 days & have worn it twice already!!!	Knits
I love this unique t-shirt. the fall colors and ranchers theme are perfect with skinny jeans and boots. a western look that's feminine. the shirt is very soft, ordered my usual size small, a little long but good for tucking in.	Knits
I picked up this t-shirt at my local retailer today, immediately drawn to the super cute, colorful graphics, and the unique stitching at the collar, saying "giddy up!" to go with the cowboys, horses, cacti, and movie camera, (unusually!). the graphics are way cuter in person, as compared to the weirdly wavy-distorted and unclear photos shown online. if all i had seen was these photos, i would never have even noticed or recognized the design. go to your local store to see this in person, and you wi	Knits
Ditto on the oversized comments. am generally a large in tees and sized down to a petite large and probably could fit nicely in a petite medium. the stitching on the neck and front design are adorable. a bit long but great potential for layering to showcase the writing on the collar or cute design on the front. think it's a keeper!	Knits
The tshirt is comfy and has a little curve on the tail which is fun!	Knits
We always hope that the dress looks just like it is pictured i would say that this dress is more of an emerald green rather then a paler mint green . that said it is very forgiving stylewise because it does not cling and show your lumps and bumps . however the material is very thin like a sheet. length is good it is right to the knee on my 5'3" frame. armholes are well positioned and not too big as to show bra or undergarments . not so sure how it would hold up over an evening or afternoon wea	Dresses
I saw a sales associate (sa) wearing it at my local retailer and totally loved it. this t-shirt runs very large, so it depends on how one wants to wear it. the sa wore it oversized and tied to the side, super cute. i tried on a regular small and it was still 2 sizes too big and too long on me. i ordered the xs petite and it fits perfectly, not too fitted and not too loose (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). my mother was a great embroider and the "giddy up" embroidery work at the neckline and the	Knits
I bought this in size xl in the moss color. it fits true to size. it's very comfortable--the fabric is soft. i love the draping of this top. i'm a pear-shape and this type of cut is my favorite. the moss color looks black online but is really a dark forest green. i'd love to see this top made in other colors.	Knits
I have a pair of mih jeans that are the only jeans i own that i absolutely love. everything about them. this jumper looked versatile, useful and fun, so i splurged during the 25% off dress sale.my experience with mih is that the sizing runs true, or european, and thus small. i ordered this in a medium and it is gargantuan as well as virtually shapeless. it looked horrible from every angle: front, back and sides. i cannot imagine it having more fit even in a smaller size.the fabric is nice, p	Dresses
I was so pleased to receive this dress after purchasing it online -- the color is vibrant, the lace is beautiful, and it is fully lined! fit is true to size, and its a fit and flare dress so flattering for most body types. i could dress it up or down for lunches or weddings so overall, i think its a great dress for a great price!	Dresses
This dress is even prettier in person. i'm 5'5" and usually a 4 in fit and flare dresses and got this in a 4. fits like a glove and hits right above my knee. the hook and eye closure does get caught on the delicate lace, so be careful of that. otherwise, this dress is perfect for summer weddings!	Dresses
Love this dress! very feminine and flattering. i would say that it runs true to size, or a little big. size down for a snug fit at the waist.	Dresses
My local store offered this dress in a navy colorway with sky blue and pink embroidery. tried it on and fell in love! it fits well while being comfortable. my favorite part is the skirt - perfect flirty a-line. already bought matching cardigans and can't wait to wear this to work. so perfect for spring!	Dresses
I went to the store specifically to try this dress on, because i was captivated by the photos online but worried about the fit. it was just as pretty or even prettier in real life, but unfortunately i couldn't fill out the top. there was gaping even when i went down to a size 0, even though i mostly wear a 4 and sometimes a 2 in retailer dresses. (the 0 fit me everywhere else, which is why i'm saying this dress runs small.) would it have worked with a padded bra, or for someone with more cup size?	Dresses
I just purchased this dress yesterday in the navy for my anniversary next month. i have to say its totally stunning on. the embroidery is beautiful, extremely figure flattering and the dress is very well constructed. i have to disagree with other reviews who say it doesn't or won't work for bustier women. i am a 34 d, 5'8" tall and normally wear a size 4. the 4 fits perfectly and the deep v-like neckline creates a very nice bit of cleavage. maybe too much for some at the office i would say, but	Dresses
I chose this dress to try to flatter an hourglass figure, but was disappointed. the fabric is a beautiful soft, fine silk, but unforgiving. the cut is not truly a wrap, and, with a fixed thin elastic waistband, was too short waisted for me. while the model looks elongated, the thin line under my bust created two poofy sections... not flattering at all. while i was drawn to the shape for my body type, it may be better suited to another. happy hunting!	Dresses
Loved this dress. i am 5'5", 34c, normally wear a 2 in most. the 0 fit (a 2 wasn't available in-store), but i will say showed more cleavage on me than in the shown picture.gorgeous dress- wish it were just a little less costly, but would be a great purchase for easter, weddings, etc.	Dresses
The dress looks better than the pictures online. it also arrives quite quickly after i placed my order. i am about 126 lbs and 4p fits me perfectly. the embroidery is so radiant in multiple colors against the navy blue dress. i am very please with this purchase.	Dresses
Very pretty dress, the blue is a little lighter than navy but is still really nice. the embroidered flowers are lovely as well. the a-line cut is very flattering on. i can't wait to wear this dress this spring!	Dresses
I wore this to a gala and i plan on wearing it over and over again. the dress is very comfortable and looks polished. i wore this dress for 12 hours and did not want to take it off. the embroidery is beautiful and appears to be well done. i am 5'5 and the dress hit me 2 inches above my knee. i highly recommend this dress, i received so many compliments.	Dresses
The stitching on this dress is absolutely beautiful and very detailed.	Dresses
Love this dress so beautiful embroidery is lovely....well worth the price!!!	Dresses
One of my new absolute favs! so elegant and flattering. the dress is as appears online and it is true to size. i purchased my usual size 4 with 27" waist, chest 34 b/c. note, that there is not a lot of give to the fabric, so busty women may need to size up. purchased with the minuet necklace!	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. lovely fit. unfortunately, the fabric wrinkles easily. i had to return it because it did not accommodate my slumpy posture, and it was too much to maintain for me since i don't iron.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous, but if you have a larger bust size, i would not recommend it. unfortunately, it was not available in any nearby stores and i had to order online. the low cut looks cute on the model but realistically with a chest it ends up looking a bit too revealing. i am bummed because the dress really is beautiful!!	Dresses
I'm 5'2" 110, 32-24.5-32.5. i tried both the regular 0 and petite 0. the difference was quite substantial. sometimes if an item runs shorter or smaller, i can get away with regular sizing. the regular 0 was all wrong, and the petite 0 was perfect in every way the regular 0 was wrong! the petite sizing was perfect for top coverage, tamed the flare to just the right amount, and the length hit right at the perfect spot where it is supposed to above the knee. gorgeous embroidered detailing and versa	Dresses
This dress is well made, great fit, perfect a-line. the bust was lower cut than shown in the picture, but it fits well even with a large chest. completely flattering and i would highly recommend!	Dresses
This is a great dress, i feel like it hides any imperfect spots including some armpit fat or belly fat. i have gotten several compliments on this dress because the stitching for the flowers is very high quality!	Dresses
This is a beautifully designed and made sweater dress. really love it. however, there's no way that model is 5' 10" in the photo because i'm 4 inches shorter than that, and the dress is 2 inches shorter on me. it's really not a dress, it's a tunic. i'm happy with it because it's so pretty, but i did think i was buying a dress. i just wore it with leggings and i'm happy with a beautiful tunic!	Dresses
This dress is a home run on all accounts. the embroidery is gorgeous, the fabric is high-quality, and the a-line cut is slimming. i found this dress to run true to size. i am 5'11" and the length hits above the knee--so it could be longer on shorter heights. i purchased the white dress initially and now have also ordered the navy.	Dresses
Interesting, slightly transparent fabric. neckline is not so open as pictured. body is boxier than pictured.would recommend as a maybe.	Knits
I got this version in the black and white and can't wait to wear it. it is very flattering on and will look great for those spring/summer events. the only thing that could have made this dress better would be side pockets like the fall/winter navy dress by the same designer had, but don't let that minor detail hold you back.	Dresses
Finally a dress that ticks all the right boxes: mostly natural fibers, lovely details, fantastic pattern placement, and an easy fit that doesn't require alterations. .the dark blue cotton is similar to my embroidered floreat 'sunless skies shift' from around 2008 which looks like new after so many years (but required alterations even in petite). .i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37 (30d/32c bra). the size 0 regular fit me and ended just below my knees. a bit low cut, and a tiny bit below my nat	Dresses
This dress is much prettier in person. the embroidery is very beautiful and the slight sheen to the material gives it a dressier look than i expected. the lines are simple, flattering without clinging or choking. it is a nice versatile dress that can be casual or fit for party.	Dresses
I ordered this online, and took it back the day i got it. i could not fit the neck hole over my head, therefore i couldn't even see how it truly fit. i had high hopes for this dress.	Dresses
This dress is black and white as pictured (as opposed to actually being cream), and it fits true to size. i've found that this particular brand runs tight in the shoulders for me, but that isn't the case here. the cut is very flattering, and it's great that this has functional pockets.i was excited that the skirt is fully lined, but the top is ridiculously sheer. even with a nude bra, this dress needs a camisole underneath it. it's so flattering, but i'm not sure if i'll keep it.	Dresses
This is my third velvet by graham and spencer dress and i was not disappointed in the least... i love the fabric, how it can be dressed up or down, worn with a wide variety of footwear and is comfortable at the same time. the fabric is breathable and i can definitely see this becoming something i will throw on with a simple necklace, leather jacket and sneakers or boots on the weekend for errands around town, then be able to switch out my shoes for drinks in the evening. it's a simple back dress	Dresses
This dress is lovely in person- light rose color and quality fabric. i'm a 32c and had to go down from my usual 2 to a 00 to get a proper fit in the bust and bodice. the full skirt leaves plenty of room to size down if necessary. this would work best on someone with a larger bust and small waist, but because of the cut i recommend trying on before buying. if you are smaller busted, the front tie can be adjusted slightly to get a better fit. the skirt portion is unlined, though, the fabric is thi	Dresses
I love this dress. i didn't think that i would feel at ease as it is very form-fitting. but it is so comfortable! and warm. it is dressy yet casual. i have received many compliments.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress. i thought i might be able to dress it up for a wedding i'm attending, but it was kind of a serious no go. first off, i ordered a petite size, but it was still longer than on the model--i'm 5'5', so not even technically petite, but i thought it might be a better length for me that way. it was not a great length, and the pleats and pockets (which would be great in theory) make the skirt fully (and pouffier at the waist) than i would have liked. i love the way th	Dresses
I have ordered many black and white dresses and end up getting cream and black. not this one! this is truly b&w! i love the stripes, the length (at the knee, 5'5") and the pockets! time will tell in terms of fabric as rayon is not the most durable. the collar seems to stay down which makes it look 70's but fabric tape easily fixed it. overall, i love it!	Dresses
I tried this dress on in an xs petite. the dress runs slightly bigger, it sort of looked like a tent on me, whereas other xs p dresses at retailer fit tts. the other thing is that the dress just doesn't look like an almost $200 dress. the band that runs across the bust goes under the arms too. it isn't sewn in though, and it was folding down under the arms, making it look like its ripping off. the collar too seemed to pull down right in the center, as if the material was too heavy to stand it's we	Dresses
I ordered this tee despite the price. the fabric is very thin and the quality was poor. nice concept for a tee, but failed in quality and value. it was returned.	Knits
I had been waiting for this dress to go on sale and when it did it was only available in a petite xs. the only reason i said it ran big is because it was a petite and i usually wear a regular. i am 5'4 size 2. the length is perfect and i have really narrow shoulders so the petite fit perfect. the details on this dress are just beautiful and extremely comfortable.	Dresses
I love this dress. it is beautiful and the quality is superb.. i too found it tight in the neck area. i had to untie it as other reviewers have mentioned. nice casual dress.. very comfortable and perfect for vacation this summer.	Dresses
I love this dress. length falls as shown on model. i'm not sure if this fits true to size or not. i am normally a medium and kinda wished i would have ordered a large. i find that the neck is too tight and have to loosely tie it. also, the lining is smaller inside and it ends up causing the arm hole areas to roll inwards. so i feel like the back end up being sort of cape like. it's rather weird. the large may have too much material though. but overall, i still love this dress minus those few fla	Dresses
Dress is wonderfully made. the fabric is soft and the print is beautiful.wonderful detail,especially the ties. nice lining...not see thru at all.mid calf length looks good with heels or flats.lovely dress for a sunny day or an evening out!!	Dresses
I'm 5'8" usually a size 2/xs and i bought this in a petite xs. never would i have imagined i'd want a petite size but i accidentally took it into the fitting room. the shorter length and less billowy effect is much more flattering. that said it still hit just below the knee and is very loose and flowing, but in a good way. :)	Dresses
I thought it was the perfect dress by the picture but it ended up looking like a grandma muumuu. the color is nice, the neck is cute, but the form unflattering. i'm trying to decide if i want to taylor it or take it back.	Dresses
I grabbed this dress to try on in my usual size, because i needed to see what the hype was about this style of dress, and it left me puzzled. the print was pretty, but no amount of tailoring could save it for me. it was wearing me. maybe it could wear three of me. i feel like this is a way for clothing manufacturers to cut corners, by making a garment without details (no installing more time consuming zippers, buttons or snaps, and making something that fits a wide range of sizes because it	Dresses
Lovely, airy fabric and colors true to the pictures online. i am 5'3" and 118lb. i ordered a regular s, and it fits fine. yes, it is midi length, coming to about 3" below my knee. i would have preferred the 39" length if it had been available, but it was not. still, i will compensate by wearing higher heels :-) the embroidered embellishment along the neck and sides stands out more than in the pic, and really makes this dress special. the cutaway shoulders give it sophistication. if you want to a	Dresses
The minute i put this on i knew it was wrong. firstly, the neck was quite tight and i had to untie the side tie. secondly, as i stood looking in the mirror, the dress simply read "nightgown". it was frumpy and too long on me. so back it went.	Dresses
I waited so long for a small petite to come back in stock and finally it did...received the dress last week and it's beautiful it was a perfect fit for me not to big not too small (my size 5'3"/122lb). if you're petite or very thin probably size down. i gave it 4 stars because of the quality...some of the eyelets looked a little weathered. it is lined and there's no see through. agree with other reviewers though - this dress is not worth $228 price tag.	Dresses
Product was exactly what i wanted. very soft, but very wrinkled upon arrival. will wear it with skinny jeans or even leggings.	Knits
I purchased this adorable dress to wear on vacation. it's such a cute fun print. i purchased my regular size xs and it's a good fit. the material is a little stiff but the print makes up for it. got it during the 25 percent promo ..	Dresses
This sheath is extremely well-made, and the fabric is even more vibrant and beautiful than it looks in the photos. my only complaint: it does run a little small in the bodice. my usual size 4 fit like a dream everywhere but the top, which borders on uncomfortably snug. for reference, i'm a full 34b.	Dresses
The details on this are beautiful. i love the gold thread and white beads. i thought the medium fit too large and got the small. it seems to fit really well. so you might want to size down one size. the only thing that seems a bit off it the length. it's pretty long.	Knits
I love love love this print and had to have it when retailer had their 25% off sale. i think regular price is way too much for this dress as the dress isn't even silk or a better material. but once i got this i was so disappointed, i ordered my usual size and it was just a balloon/tent on me. i felt like i was wearing a maternity dress. plus the ruffle at the top which i thought was a sweet feature felt really awkward and like it was grazing my neck and chin in an annoying way. i don't even want t	Dresses
This is so pretty and 60s like. i tried on a return size 2 and it really fit. i am usually a zero so i was surprised. the regular size fit me really well. length was perfect. pretty heavy and substantial though. love the 3 d effect. 115 lbs. 30 dd. 26.5 in waist	Dresses
This shirt is very swingy but true to size. when i tried to size down the shoulders were too tight. the green color has great texture.	Knits
I thought the dress was ok, but was surprised by the cut away triangles of material right under bra band on the sides of dress. i will send back, also a bit too high waisted for me. other than that, the dress is as it appears.	Dresses
Probably should have returned this but it's just so pretty. i got complements from strangers the very first time i wore it but it's extremely long. tucking it in will be tough-where do you put all that length? aside from that it is beautiful. the embroidery is soft and delicate light blues, gold, neutrals. hard to see in the pic but there are textured polka dots all over the shirt. great buy-i just wonder how i'll wear it or if the length will be too much and it will become a 'closet sitter'.	Knits
Love this dress. i think i scored the deal of the year with this one. found it in my local retailer store. it had been in my "save for later" forever but i couldn't bring myself to pay full price... then it sold out in my size online. i was in my local store browsing the new items on sale with the additional 40% off, and there it was 1, and only 1. and my size.... i picked it up, noticed the cut outs that are not very apparent in the online photos, but it back, picked it back up, put it back.....	Dresses
At 5'4", i guess i am just too short to pull this dress off! the colors are so pretty for summer, but there is just too much fabric... i felt like i was wearing a giant doily! however, there is not a doubt in my mind that taller girls would look fabulous in this!	Dresses
Really beautiful dress, too special for me as a guest at a wedding. i think this can be used as a wedding dress in an informal intimate wedding. it is shift dress, so not accentuate your body which is to be expected. it is running small. with my athletic body especially up top, the chest/arms are tight. i could have gone a size up but the body might be too big. i unto lately returned.	Dresses
Beautiful dress. i just wore this dress for my wedding. it was a beautiful wedding dress and i got many compliments on the uniqueness and the beading detail. there was one really big problem. the beads and the flowers kept falling off. i sat down and stood up leaving a pile of little flowers and beads. i could be standing still and they would periodically drop off. it was kind of embarrassing and everyone remarked that i was my own flower girl. i am still finding pieces of the dress everywhere.	Dresses
I would never had bought this top if i hadn't seen it previously in the store. the look in the picture is not flattering at all (too frumpy with the wide pants). the many details work well with pastel tones. very bohemian look so make sure you balance that with modern bottoms and edgy shoes. might be a problem washing it because all of the details: mini pearls and golden thread but you got to do what you got to do...	Knits
When i saw this online, i wondered why this dress cost so much. i have been keeping my eye on it for some time. loved what i saw, the design and colors and details at the neckline and waist along with pockets but was skeptical. i was waiting for a sale to take a dive and here are my thoughts when i got it:___________pros:- the colors you see online are exactly the same in person.- the jeweled neckline is lovely. it's one thing that drew me to it. this dress had a very sophisticated appeal wh	Dresses
I ordered this dress with the 25% off everything code as it is a bit expensive. i will say it is well worth the price. from the material, to the design, and fit, i was truly pleased. i am usually a 4p in retailer dresses so i went with the xs-p and it fits perfectly. it is super cute and unique, and i love, love, love the pockets, which is always an added bonus. it is so fun and flattering, as i am sure people will be asking where this one is from. a definite summer must have. obsessed with this w	Dresses
Haven't decided if i'm going to keep this dress yet. it arrived torn at the seams, but was able to use two sided tape to fix and straps were sewn on twisted. in my opinion it is not worth full price. i would say it runs tts. i'm between and 4 and a 6 and the size sp fit perfect, however, the petite size runs pretty long. it says 47 inches from shoulder but i need to wear it with 5 inch heels. mine may have been a wrong size marked issue.dress looks exactly as in the picture.	Dresses
I'm on the fence about this dress but overall i like it. the material, design and all is great! it's a light seersucker type fabric and short sleeves are perfect for summer. now the bad thing about this dress is partly the print combined with the swing/large cut. if you aren't too careful it can look like a housedress or hospital gown. i find i definitely need a belt to define my waist to avoid this.	Dresses
This top came down to my hip bones, but i am short-waisted. the shirt definitely fits shorter than in the photo. the measurements listed for "regular" seem to be a bit shorter than the 26" l measurement i got when i measured it. i think the quality is nice, and though it could likely easily snag if you're not one who is used to wearing delicate clothing, i didn't find this top to be flimsy at all. for reference i purchased a l and the fit is more form-fitting on me than it is on the model, but n	Knits
I don't know what it is about this top but i was so drawn to it when i saw it in the store. it's totally see through, that's the design and i think it's great. i wear a cami underneath but if you're more daring or you spend a lot of time by the beach, you can get away with a nude bra or bikini top. this definitely runs small. i'm 5'5" 120 and usually wear xs/s but felt most comfortable in a medium. the body isn't tight or anything, it's just on the shorter side, especially if you have a longer t	Knits
I love this top! it flows nicely and fits perfectly. i'm 5' 4 1/2", 125 lbs. and ordered the small. i love the little bit of sparkle in the blouse, too.	Knits
This is a very beautiful dress, with the detail of the inside lining, with a very beautiful fabric as well, creating a double layer effect, it creates a great flow. i am not sure i would use it with the belt (which is beautiful, a part of it is crochet), but if i don't, the dress would be too long. i am a size xl and 5'6", so if you are shorter than that, i would try it before buying it. since it's getting cold here in colorado, i'll have to wait for next year to really experience going out with	Dresses
This is a gorgeous flowy top. i paired it with a pair of army green pants and have received a ton of compliments. you can dress this top up for a night out or for work, or style it for a fun evening out. you will be very pleased with this top.	Knits
This is a great dress - it definitely runs true to size and is on the border of running a little small. if you're on the fence about which size to order go with the larger size.the fabric moves nicely but wrinkles easily when packed. love the color.got a ton of compliments :)	Dresses
I bought this top in navy and am so happy with my purchase. it's pretty and feminine. it looks great with jeans as well dressing it up for work. very happy with this purchase.	Knits
This is a very lovely looking sweater. unfortunately, it runs incredibly small. i'm only 5'3" and the size small hit me above my mid-rise jeans. it doesn't fit at all how it's shown on the model. it's also a very delicate fabric. seems like it would snag easily. i was really hoping it would work as i used my birthday discount to purchase it, but i'm sending it back.	Knits
This is a beautiful shirt. i purchased the top in navy, the silver touch is pretty. i usually wear a size 8 or 10 and m was perfect, tts. great for work or casual party.	Knits
I bought a size s in the navy, and m in the neutral, and both fit. i usually wear a small, but they only had the size m left in the neutral. the m is a little big, but the extra room fits the flowy, bohemian style of the blouse, so it works. i love this top and am glad i purchased it in both colors. definitely recommend it.	Knits
Bought both colors - nice quality top, but they do run large. for reference, i'm 5'4", 115lbs and xs is still kind of big on me. wish they have xxs.	Knits
I love that this top is dressy, yet comfy. it is perfect for work and relaxing with friends after. i recommend purchasing this blouse.	Knits
I love this dress! the pattern is unusual along with the mesh cutouts. i'm a sucker for mesh cutouts. it does look a little bit like a maternity dress, but eh, who cares. let them think what they want. i recently wore it to a casual outdoor wedding and received many compliments. i knocked off one star for quality because the back of the dress where the zipper stops needed to be reinforced by hand to keep it from ripping. this is a common problem i have with retailer dresses, and no i'm not trying	Dresses
The fabric is very light weight, more of a shirting material. this surprised me because the dark flowers almost looked like flocked velvet in the picture. the flowers are actually printed on cotton that has woven stripes. it is so soft and light! there is also a little webbing detail in the front yoke but nothing shows because there is a simple sewn in lining. the skirt is not lined but the hem is weighted with a trim so that the skirt will hang right. very flattering. it does run big tho	Dresses
I bought this dress for the summer, but it will transition nicely into the fall with a sweater, leggings, and boots. the color and pattern are pretty and without being washed out. the macrame belt is absolutely beautiful. it doesn't show up well in the picture, but is intricate and artistic. seems sturdy as well. i can't wait to wear it out!	Dresses
I love that the dress slip got a different pattern. very easy fun for summer but you can also layer it in fall	Dresses
Beautiful just like the photo. i love it. the length is fine, as i got the l. the quality is very good.	Knits
This blouse is perfect for semi dressy occasions silver ribbon adds a nice, subdued sparkle accent and no need to add a camisole due to the nice lining.	Knits
This maxi dress is exactly what i had in mind! the fabric is very comfortable. the print is very nice. perfect find!	Dresses
I most often fit into a size medium. based on prior reviews, i ordered this dress in a small and it fits perfectly. it drapes nicely. the fabric is soft and flows well. the under layer has a nice little stretch to it. the dress looks good with and without the belt. my favorite and most-slimming look is to just tie cinch and tie it in the back, such that it does not wrap around the front at all. the dress is so comfortable and the neckline is very flattering. no bra needed for my small bust.	Dresses
Very comfortable to wear, love the overall look of this dress.	Dresses
In my opinion, for this amount of money, the dress needs to be something really different. and this one isn't. it has several structural issues and it seems to have a split personality (summery material, dark color, flirty and fun...but overly conservative up top.)initially, the top portion is extremely sheer. you're saved (a bit) by the extra fabric at the front, but it still seemed odd that the top isn't lined - particularly for a dress meant for winter.there's too much going on up top. th	Dresses
This dress has a beautiful purple paisley print and reminds me of classic retailer from years ago. i wanted to love the dress but it runs extremely large. i usually wear a 00p or xxsp and got this in an xxsp but was still way too big. while the intent is to be flowy, i was overwhelmed by the bagginess and it changes the style from flowy to bag-like. while the belt helps cinch the waist, i had too much bunching in the waist area making it unattractive. very disappointed as its such a pretty	Dresses
This garment has the most beautiful and detailed embroidery on the front and across the top of the back. i purchased this blouse in pale pink in a xs for my daughter-in-law who is an retailer fanatic. i am sure she will look stunning in it. my only negative would be the silver accent thread across the front is overkill.	Knits
This dress is absolutely lovely, from the neckline to the fabric. really feels like a well made dress. i will say that it ran larger than i thought though, so keep that in mind. it is more of a shift dress than the pictures suggest. still gorgeous though!	Dresses
I'm so glad i saw this in the store, as the online photo does not do it justice. it's elegant, detailed, and a beautiful shade of pink. it has a little silver sparkle which makes it perfect for a casual party when you want to opt out of the traditional holiday colors.	Knits
I just got this in the mail and was so excited to try this cute top.....but it's completely see-through! unlike the photo shows, the lining is not included. quite a disappointment top is well made though no give in the fabric.	Knits
Call my corny but this dress inspires me to run barefoot through the lavender fields in provence. the flowy layers and dreamy prints are mesmerizing. fit is ideal for my body type as long as you size down. i had no weird sagging, bagging or poofiness. and i love the macrame belt! i tied it offset to the side but the dress looks good unbelted too. i purchased the small petite. my stats for fit reference: 5'3" tall, 140#, 36dd, 28" waist, 35" hips, wide rib cage, size m/l tops, size s/m	Dresses
I adore the tiny brand blouses! this one is lovely, and i feel new and beautiful in the navy with the sheer sleeves and bumpy, embroidered material, very pretty indeed. this probably is equally stunning in the nude color, but it doesn't show well somehow online. the navy is certainly amazing, and i was so proud to wear this blouse today for work with jeans. i always find the tiny sizing to be one size off. the large fits me perfectly, although i am a medium in most all other tops. 5.1", 130 #, 3	Knits
Gorgeous dress but fits really large. ordered a petite large. going to send it back and try the petite medium. wish it was available at my store to try on and not have to wait for it to be reshipped.	Dresses
Love this dress! the colors are a smidgen darker than the photo shows, which i like even better. super comfortable, nice flow, great fit. definitely will be a favorite of mine for this summers	Dresses
Originally bought the plaid version and retuned it to order this one in the store to get free shipping. the fit is completely different. i am a consistent small, particularly in dresses of this style. will be exchanging this for a medium, which i hope will fit. love the color and pattern.	Dresses
I'm tall and small chested so the dress didn't fit me perfectly. i adore the color and pattern, but wish it was less revealing in the chest area. i definitely have to wear something under. otherwise high quality and unique dress!	Dresses
I just purchased this adorable drop waist dress on-line and personally found it to fit tts in my regular size small (34d-27-35). the length in the front hits right to the top of my knees, perhaps a tad longer so it's not too short for me (i'm only 5'4") and the back is longer in length. there is also a detachable matching cotton slip that snaps on or off the dress that has adjustable straps that hit just above my knees. i love that this dress was made from cotton and the color is just as picture	Dresses
I am typically a small at retailer, but always order a small and medium to try since i'm tall. the color of the green is really pretty, and i can see wearing it on the weekend with casual sandals, and dressing it up with a cropped jacket for work. the sizing is way off on this dress, though. the small is too short for me (personally). i'm 5'8" and the waist doesn't sit low enough for a drop-waisted style. so i tried a medium. the medium is not sized correctly at all. i tried it on and it fits 3 si	Dresses
This dress got my attention in the store due to the bright color. it's like a tangerine orange that absolutely shouts summer. loved the asymmetrical hem and another plus was the pockets! they look completely hidden so the dress does fall flat. i thought this ran a little big in the chest area, which doesn't happen often. a size 8 worked for me, can't wait to wear this!	Dresses
Fit is "breezy" which is what i expected. a little on the loose side but comfortable and still cute. the slip that accompanies the dress is of decent quality as well. the back of the dress is not that much longer than the front, as in the picture, but i still liked the dress enough to keep it.	Dresses
I decided to take advantage of the free shipping despite seeing no reviews yet. i received the dress today and it is exactly as pictured, only about 3 inches shorter. i am usually between an xs and s but chose the xs because of late, everything i seem to order is huge. this was an exception and i could have ordered the s. color was as pictured, a nice green. fabric was a gauzy cotton. the dress was just "alright". nothing special to warrant the price tag. it felt like a little girl's dress on me	Dresses
The orange version is very nice, bright but not tacky. the fit is super flattering, and i love the crisscrossed hem. the top part is also flattering on the shoulders (halter), but need a strapless bra. the 0 fit me well, no need for petite on that one, might be too short for me.(03dd, 26.5 in waist, 115 lbs).pattern is also gorgeous. recommend...	Dresses
I have an hourglass shape and a large chest, so it's difficult to find dresses that don't like i'm wearing a sack or are too form-fitting to be appropriate. this dress is prefect for accentuating my waist, while still looking appropriate for weddings and other nice events! the color is perfect	Dresses
This dress is so cute, and i received so many compliments on it! i wore it on a gameday, and it was so comfortable. i love the skirt of the dress because of the trendy v's. the top was too loose for me, so i had to get it taken in. this is surprising because i have a decent sized chest and broad shoulders. other than that, this dress is a real winner!	Dresses
I love this dress. it's a lightweight soft fabric. the blue layer is a bit thin, so you can see the stripped layer underneath which keeps this from being just an ordinary blue dress. usually i'm a size 0xs but got a 2 because i was worried it would be too tight in the shoulders (based on another similar dress from holding horses). the two fits great, the top and waist fit perfect and the bottom is nice and flowy without being too much fabric.	Dresses
I tried this dress on in hawaii before it even hit the website. i am guessing retailer tests out their spring line in always summer hawaii. i was impressed but wanted to wait for a promo. there is a lining that fluffs up the skirt part of dress and makes it fun and girly. i sized up to 4p from my usual 2p in holding horses due to the tailored upper part of the dress and my shoulders a wee bit wide.	Dresses
Like other reviewers, i tried on a medium and a large as i usually take either size in retailer dresses. the large was huge on me - i had an extra 6 inches or so on each side. the next medium that i tried on could barely fit over my head! i looked at the tag to see if i had picked up an extra small but it stated medium. got another medium and it fit perfectly. however, the cami underneath one medium was again teeny tiny. the other medium was ok. you may have to try on a few dresses to get the righ	Dresses
I am a true size small and i ordered this dress and it was way big. it's meant to be a relaxed fit, but it sagged under the arm-holes because the bust was way too big. some folks are saying it ran small and they are essentially the same measurements as me, so it makes me think there is possibly some variation in each size. i got on here to reorder in a smaller size, but now am not sure what to do as i need a dress with in the next three days!	Dresses
I don't love this dress but i really like it a lot, hence the four stars. i opted for the light blue. the embroidery is a rich, vibrant blue and quite beautifully done. i am 5' 6" and 125 lbs. and the xs fits perfectly. it's intended to be a looser cut but it isn't at all frumpy and it hangs nicely. and it has pockets! all around a good summer staple.	Dresses
This green dress seemed more fitted and tailored on the model. i ordered a small and medium in the green and mint (even though it says mint, it's a grayish blue). usually i'm a medium but even the small seems a bit big. it fits more like a loose boho dress rather than how the model wears it. the colors are vibrant and the embroidery is nice. i will be keeping both colors in small and just have to accept that the fit is similar to a looser casual summer dress. if you look at the pics that other c	Dresses
I found the fit of this dress odd. i typically wear a 6 or 8 in dresses. the 6 fit across the chest but the armholes were large so wearing a bra would be a challenge. i am a 34c so i need some type of support. i also thought the fabric was a bit flimsy for the price. i am a huge retailer fan and usually leave glowing reviews but sadly i left this one in the store.	Dresses
I love this dress. however, it's not what i expected based off the pictures. the modeled photo indicates that it's a shirtdress with a drop waist. no. it's a smock dress with more of an a-line silhouette that begins at the shoulders. the waistline is more of a detail, like the button placket, than a structural quality. it's very youthful and whimsical. that said, it is quite beautiful. the fabric does not wrinkle easily, as another reviewer guessed. my daughter wrinkled it sitting on my	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store. it fit okay, but the orange is so bright, i couldn't bring myself to buy it.	Dresses
Silhouette transcends many occasions.	Dresses
Beautiful summery dress with bright fun print. i think this was well worth the sale price i paid. it lays nicely and is flattering. i went down a size from my normal 8 to a 6. however as other reviewers have said, the arm holes/halter top is too blousy and no matter how tight i tied it or type of bra i wore, you can see bra on the sides. i'm going to get this tailored and then it will be perfect. can't wait to wear this on my vacation!	Dresses
I run 170lbs., 36 d, 5'4" and ordered a regular 14. probably could get away with a 12. i didn't order a petite because i wanted the length. however i ordered the 14 because it is cotton hand wash and thinking there might be some shrinkage. it fits to perfection everywhere - but the waist. it's very loose. they must have clipped it in at the waist in the back of this shot on the model. the picture doesn't clearly show the hi-low concept of the hem. i like that so it isn't a problem. very unique a	Dresses
Well, i just love this dress. great material. beautiful coloring! perfect length! true to size.i love the pleated neckline! i feel like an old hollywood beauty in this dress. great one retailer!	Dresses
But, it just doesn't measure up. first, the slip/lining comes unattached if pulled slightly and it is very difficult to actually get it on - either stepping into it or pulling it over your head. and, once on, the top was a big snug and there was too much material at the bottom which made it look really bulky. unfortunately, i am finding this to be the case with so many of the items i buy from retailer lately. the material is really cute, but the dress isn't worth the price / effort.	Dresses
I sized down as other reviewers suggested (usually an 8, went down to 6) and the dress fit fine--but it was not attractive. the cut was like a tent with an empire waist. really just not attractive. maybe it has to do with my body type, but compared to the model, this dress was so unflattering in-person. returned.	Dresses
I'm usually a 6 in dresses and the 6 here fit okay. loose but still flattering a little long for a sundress. i was unhappy with it looking a little frumpy and being so loose under the arms all my bras showed . i took it back to the store and after reading the reviews here decided to try the smaller sizes...well multiple dresses later i ended up buying a size 2 petite!!! and i'm 5'9". the 2 reg and petite still had the loose gathering look to the top but both fit much better under the arms so tha	Dresses
I never ever buy anything full price when it comes to retailer shopping, love their stuff but way over priced so i patiently watch and wait. this dress though i couldn't do it, i had to have it. i think it is a fabulous addition to my summer collection and i look forward to wearing it in a few weeks to a july 4th get away. get it while you can.	Dresses
I just received this dress in the mail today. i ordered an xs and it was huge! there is no way that i could wear a bra without it showing due to the size of the arm holes. i'm 5'2" and 117 lbs with an athletic build for reference. i love free flowing dresses, but this was over the top. i ordered the plaid version in an xs petite and that fit much truer to size. i reordered this in an xs petite to see if that will work better. the dress itself is lovely. the green color is vibrant and the embroid	Dresses
Beautiful fabric and beautifully made, but the pockets ruin it... and i love pockets. you cannot see from the photos, but they protrude from the sides a few inches beyond the skirt, and look strange and unflattering, especially from the back. they are unfortunately placed right below the hips, and the effect is like those french bicycle baskets, "panniers." if they were smaller and in the front, the dress would work. i am usually a size 4 and both the 2 and the 4 fit me well ? not too snug or to	Dresses
This dress is adorable, but fit a bit large through the waist. i ordered the 6 and am exchanging for the 4, so hopefully it will work better for me. for reference, i am 5'7, 135 lbs curvy. the fabric is soft and swingy and the striped under-layer is feminine and adorable. love.	Dresses
Love this dress, it's comfortableand it can be worn casualties or formally.	Dresses
I saw this dress online and really wanted to love it... unfortunately it wasn't at all as expected in person.as the previous reviewer mentioned it is extremely itchy material, which was already pilling on many of the dresses displayed in the store. the neck was extremely tight; a problem i've never encountered with any retailer dress. additionally it seems to have a kangaroo pocket located right underneath the bust line, which protruded in an unflattering way. the pocket is not at all not	Dresses
I saw this dress on sale online and it was available at my local retailer. i tried it on and went with the xs, i'm 5'4 130lbs, 34c and it fit great with some room. tts the material is fabulous and it comes with a matching green slip which is great.	Dresses
Beautiful color, great quality! on sale too. a must have!	Dresses
Love this dress. in fact, i loved it enough to get it altered so it would fit. purchased the black dress in a size 6, but the top was too big. and i'm not small chested, i am a 32d! i had to get the seam under my underarms taken in for the top of the dress to fit properly. but, now that it is altered...i love it.	Dresses
I love the lacy details on the skirt. this dress is perfectly simple, yet can be dressed up too. as the evenings get cooler, it pairs up nicely with a cropped denim jacket or a cardigan.	Dresses
I was so excited to get this dress...i even paid expedited shipping! i read the reviews and thought that i ordered properly but i sadly disappointed. it was just too big. i'm a size 6-8 petite and the size 8 was overwhelming. the side of the dress were down to my stomach and i just can't wear the dress. not sure what to do but buyers be careful. pretty color and design but not well-designed.	Dresses
I ordered my usual size 8 but this run huge, i had to exchange for 6 or even size 4. the fabric is nice and airy. it seems to easily wrinkle though. just have to either iron everytime or dry clean i suppose. unique design.	Dresses
This dress fits incredibly well. i loved the color and it will transition through the fall nicely.	Dresses
Loved the dress. loved the pattern and the cut. unfortunately it did not work for me. it is cut too low under the arm pits and therefore, showed too much breast. it is not made to wear a bra with either so that is not a solution. sticky boobs will not work either because it is the "side breast" that shows. i hated to have to send back but.....still looking for something similar and great!	Dresses
I ordered this dress, expecting a cool lightweight summer dress. i believe it says cotton in the description.however the material is a very heavy cotton-linen blend.would have much preferred a better quality fabric.the color is a nice green and is well made.it runs large, except in the bust which fit well.	Dresses
I didn't notice this online but it caught my eye in the store. the colors are bright and beautiful. i wear a 10/12 or m/l. i tried the 12 but the bust was too big (i wear a 36c). i ordered the size 10 and it fits perfect. i'm so glad i saw it in the store. i think it makes much more of an impact in person than online.	Dresses
I have the pink plaid pippa and this mint one is nothing like it, but in a good way. shorter, sweet embroidery but the same swing silhouette and drop waist style. this dress is a little oversized so if you want more fitted look, you can size down. stay tts if your busty like me. imo, the mint looks more sky blue than green. i got the medium regular and i'm 5'3" 140# 36dd and ends at my knees.	Dresses
Just got this dress and am very pleased. fell in love with the bright color in the store and then came home ordered it at a great sale price!! color is as shown...beautiful lace trim at the bottom.....back longer than front as described and pockets!! i am 5'2" and length on a large comes to just below the knees..in front....i may wear leggings under it...dont like the slip as it is far too tight...will wear a tee or turtle under it.. quality heavier fabric. roomy... linen and cotton.	Dresses
This dress is so simple, but gorgeous on. the top runs a bit small in the shoulders/bust. the top button gapes a bit in the bust area. the cuffs and collar insides are a different coordinating print and provides a cute option to roll or unbutton and press open to style.	Dresses
Ok, the material is great, light & airy. the thing they don't show you is the waist line is tucked in the photo, that's why you cant see the bi level hem line. the hem line is fantastic. the waist is the problem, the whole dress just hangs huge from bust down. the material is so light i would caution against darting the dress. i created a button loop cinch under the outside corer of the pockets, on the seem of the waist. this worked for me.	Dresses
I just got this dress in the mail, and i have to disagree with the previous reviewer.. the embroidery on the dress is so well done and thick. the material is high quality and although breathable, holds up perfectly to the embroidery.. i usually order an extra small in loose fitting dresses, and ordered the extra small in this one. i'm 5'4", 117 pounds, with a curvy build. the xs was more fitted, which i wanted. i can belt it or wear it loose. did i mention the color? vibrant rich green. can't wa	Dresses
I love the color, which is eye popping without being gaudy. i am 142lbs, 5' 4" and got size 4. it goes beautifully on my slightly brown skin. the length is just above the knee and the fold of the dress in the front adds that extra touch of oomph. it does have wide arm holes so a bra, even a strapless one, could be tricky, although it wasn't a gaping hole for me. i think i could wear it over a green bikini-like halter bra and take care of the arm issue.	Dresses
I loved this dress when i saw it mostly for its emerald color. i am tan with brown hair and features so green is a good color for me. the quality is very high with detailed embroidery and thick fabric. the dress comes with a slip which fits well but i don't think you'd have to wear based on the opaqueness of the fabric. the dress fits true to size but the cut is gracious through the hips. this is a relaxed fitting. drop waist dress.	Dresses
I thought this dress was lovely on. i'm an 8/10 and tried the med which i believe was the right fit. it may have fit a little large but i liked the way it hung. it has pockets and the color is absolutely beautiful. definitely buying if it makes it to sale.	Dresses
I love this dress. i wish i had ordered a size bigger because now its out of stock. if you are between sizes order a size up. i'm in between a 4 and a 6 petite and ordered the size 4 and the dress is too tight in the bust. the dress has no give so it has to fit perfect. it is so lovely i don't want to return it. i will try to find a seamstress to help with the fit. my favorite part of the dress are the side pockets. they're big and adorable.	Dresses
Beautiful in person! highly recommend: great quality, beautiful design, flattering!	Dresses
Gorgeous shirt! the detail on this shirt is impeccable! even with its boxy shape, it was very flattering on my petite, curvy frame. i'd say this shirt runs just a tad big. i'm 5' 118lbs and the xs fit perfectly.	Knits
This top is adorable in style and fit. which is why it breaks my heart that i can't recommend it. the embroidery snags so easily, when i wore it, i ended up with several tears in the threads, leaving the pattern a bit of a mess. it snagged on my rings, my watch and my purse. i returned it because of this. it's really too bad, and i wish the design were printed on instead of sewn, simply because it would last a lot longer.	Knits
I found this top in my local store. there were two colors available, this coral color and a deep teal color. i purchased the teal in a m, which is one size down from my normal size. it drapes beautifully. it is a tunic length, but not too long. i love the way it makes my shoulders look. i have athletic shoulders, and halter styles are best in the summer for me. this tank will require a strapless bra, i plan to wear a bandeau but i am not very big up top. anyhow, love this top. if it gets release	Knits
I love this top. i purchased it in an xs and feels it is tts. it can be dressed up or down. i recently paired this with the cloth and stone chambray drawstring shorts and it was the perfect summer outfit. the button details in the back are such a nice touch. i got many compliments on this top.	Knits
This blouse is gorgeous. first of all, it's cotton! so, it is extremely comfortable. it isn't tighter in some areas more than others, but fits evenly throughout, which although a rarity, is wonderful. finally, a blouse that fits perfectly! i am 5'3" and 108 pounds. i ordered the regular xs and it hits right at my hips. i have a longer torso, however, so although i am not tall, the petite would have been too short for me. it is beautifully made and the red is a beautiful crimson on white. grab th	Knits
This piece is just gorgeous. you will almost never catch me paying full price for a clothing item, but today i did! i've been admiring it online, and when i noticed it had sold out (the red version) online, i stopped by a store to see if they had it in stock. well, it looks even more gorgeous in person, and i snapped it up right away. i envision myself wearing this all summer long and beyond.	Knits
Normally i like to purchase from the store so i can try things on first, but this top wasn't available locally. i guessed on a medium. i'm 5'5" and very curvy and the medium fits just like the picture on the model. just a hint of a sleeve and nice and drapey-loose over the body. the embroidery is just beautiful. the only reason i'm not giving 5 stars for quality is that i had to sew two buttons onto the back, my top came without them.	Knits
I love how unique this top is, especially the buttons that run on the back.it is cut boxy, but i think it works because there is so much other detail going on. the fabric is comfortable, and the stitching on the inside is not irritating.	Knits
Such great detail great beautiful in red and white.	Knits
This top is so cute and so comfy. i love the details, especially in the back. this embodies what i love about retailer clothing- the little unique touches that you find anywhere else. very pleased.	Knits
I initially saw this top a few months ago, and fell in love. it ended up selling out in stores, so i ordered it online, where it was back-ordered by a couple of months. i received it this past week, and was sadly disappointed. the design is pretty, but overall the quality is sorely lacking. i wonder if maybe the first batch was good, but when they realized they were so popular, and had more made, the newer batches weren't as good? not sure. the one i got had inconsistent red embroidery, and ther	Knits
Cute top. a little delicate. my top arrived with a rip in the sleeve. fortunately, my tailor was able to fix it.	Knits
Luckily i found this in the store though it is on backorder online, so if you really want it - go to/call the store. it's effortless, fun, beautiful, and nicely detailed. love this top. i'm 5'5" and usually wear size 6, and i bought a small. really worth the price b/c you can just throw it on and look fabulous. layers well. so happy i got this.	Knits
Very pretty. love the design both front and back	Knits
This is a beautiful top, the pattern reminds me very much of mola designs stitched in panama. i love the contrast of the red stitching against the white background. i'm not as crazy about the buttons on the back sides- not sure what that detail adds to the piece. it is a boxy shape, so be aware it's not going to hug the figure. the cotton is soft and medium weight. overall, it's a stand-out!	Knits
Absolutely in love with this top. the embroidery and back button detail make for a unique and fun look. light and airy material will be perfect in warmer weather with a cute pair of shorts. i got a size small and it fits perfectly. measurements: 5'4, 135lbs, 32e	Knits
Bought this in xs petite - i'm 5'2", 102, it was too big, so took it to a tailor. altered it so that horizontal stitching at the bottom sits gently on my hips, rather than floating way out all around. it's now nice and flattering; i get tons of compliments. note that the fabric is more off white, than bright white; i bought it online thinking it would look good with white jeans - it actually looks best with blue jeans or navy shorts/pants. drapes nicely and doesn't wrinkle. a win!	Knits
Most often complimented item of this spring's wardrobe	Knits
I wound up returning this shirt, because i ordered the wrong size! so sad. i should have sized down. i'm tall, and long waisted, but slight on top. the shirt is gorgeous, and the detailing is perfectly done. i'd definitely recommend trying this one. just choose your size carefully..	Knits
This shirt feels so special. it is mainly t shirt material so i will be dry cleaning to make sure it keepsit's shape and delicate feel. the stitching is so beautiful! i'll wear this with jeans and even my navy pencil skirt for work. so cute!	Knits
Absolutely love this top! i've been on the lookout for a cute cotton top, something that'd be ideal for summertime. this beautiful piece doesn't disappoint. the color pairing - white cotton base and lovely red thread embroidery - looks stunning. not the mention the unique back detailing makes it a must-have. highly recommend.	Knits
This has lovely embroidery of good quality, and it is nicely lined in the embroidered section too. it is a very loose swingy shape, so size down.	Knits
I love this dress. it's beautiful and flattering. not to mention that it is also comfortable with a bit of stretch. i couldn't see it in the picture, but the black parts on the shoulders in front and on the back is sheer, so you have to be careful with underwear choice. i have an apple shape and yet this was flattering and the perfect length. i am short and apple-shaped and it was a great choice.	Dresses
I agree the light colored portion of dress is not vanilla; it is more beige color. i liked the dress a lot, it had a flattering fit on me, extremely comfortable and then i noticed the black mesh portion at top of dress. it did not lay flat at the outer sides between the mesh and floral fabrics like the picture. it poked out on both sides at least 1" which suddenly made the dress look cheap and ill fitting. i can guess either the mesh pattern piece was not cut correctly or it was not sewn correct	Dresses
The embroidery on this was beautiful but didn't hang well on my athletic/small chested upper body.	Knits
This shirt is really cute. i love the color and design. i like wearing it with jeans and sneakers.	Knits
Gorgeous color, flowy fabric, unique design - this top is a winner. i don't even mind that i'll have to wear a strapless bra with it! a little bit on the larger size, but not too big in my opinion.	Knits
Love this! saw online, didn't place the order and when i came back it was gone. retailer restocked so i got it second time around. ordered the red option. this shirt is beautiful! sometimes the online photos don't do the piece justice, but this time, it's even better in person. the embroidered detail is gorgeous, the fabric is light weight, and the back of the shirt has button down panels that are almost linen-like in look and feel. the fit is just as pictured imo. bringing this on vacation with m	Knits
I recently bought this blouse, the soft fabric drapes nicely and the stitching is wonderful. love it!	Knits
Gorgeous embroidery, soft fabric, great drape, hides tummy--overall perfect. size down. i bought the small and i am 36dd.	Knits
Love the fit and color of this top. i love that it is somewhat fitted around the arm holes which doesn't allow for extra skin to show. it drapes nicely over my hips and tummy. got rave reviews from my husband!!	Knits
This is such a unique and beautiful top. it will be a go-to in my closet all year round. the red embroidery is amazing. meant to be a loose fit. i'm 5'7" and 120 lbs and ordered the xs. fits perfectly.	Knits
Form fitting, hugs in the right spots, and love the pattern. it's a little shorter than i expected and too formal to wear to work. however, an excellent evening dress.	Dresses
It might look a bit stiff from the photo, but this fabric is so soft and really is a fashionable sweatshirt!	Knits
This blouse is perfect in so many ways: it's cotton, the fit is super flattering, the design is gorgeous. i never, and i mean never, wear red, but i made an exception here due to the exceptionally stunning embroidery. i know this will be comfortable this summer; the fit is slightly loose, so the air can flow. the cotton is light but not thin, no cami needed. a medium size fits me very well; i am size 8/medium top, 34f, 130#. i love that the armholes are high and hide any flaws. the button design	Knits
The back of this top is very unique and the embroidery looked like it would hold up.it does have a boxy shape, but it really works with this piece. i found it to run true to size compared to other pieces i have from retailer. for some reference, i'm 5'5" and weigh 148lbs.	Knits
What a cute shirt! i got the red and white and it's definitely a summer shirt although i'm sure you could make it look cute under a cardigan. i'm a 10 m and the m fit well. tts.	Knits
I love this top! usually i prefer neutral colors, but i looked at every one of the colors, and fell in love with the pink. i think it looks the best with the embroidery at the top. i too love this cut on my shoulders for summer. i would definitely recommend this top. i bought an xs and it's perfect. this shirt made me feel like twirling, i love it.	Knits
Was really excited for this dress but should have paid more attention to the material it was made with. for the price of the dress, it felt very cheap. i didn't even end up trying it on after i opened the packaging. the colors were not as vibrant as the picture. as another reviewer mentioned, it was more similar to something you would purchase off a boardwalk. very disappointed and will be returning.	Dresses
I loved this dress in the photos and couldn't wait to try it on in person. the print varies from dress to dress and mine had noticeably much more cream color in it. i didn't mind too much but it didn't look like the dress the model is wearing. i bought the xxs petite which fit true to size. the v neck is a bit low for petite sizing but the length was perfect on my 5'2" frame which was a plus. i agree with the other reviewers the fabric is cheap and feels cheap. not something i would expect from	Dresses
I love this dress! it is equally pretty in person too. sometimes i will order things and when i get them the colors are totally different than what i anticipated. not with this dress. i love it and will get a lot of use out of it over the spring/summer.	Dresses
Love the fit and style of this maxi. have gotten many compliments! however, my toddler grabbed the dress when she was falling over and it pulled a bunch of threads out and made the fabric look puckered and worn in that spot!!! for a toddler to do that makes me feel like the quality isn't amazing. also, the waist part itches me.	Dresses
This dress is so pretty; can be worn casually or with heels to dress up! i get so many compliments on it, and it's so comfortable, it's like wearing pajamas! i highly reccomend it.	Dresses
This is a lovely dress with a soft fabric that drapes over the body. the pattern is soft and feminine, very much like the picture. my only issue, which is why i didn't give it 5 stars for my overall rating, is it's a bit snug around the bodice. this could be because i'm a lifelong swimmer however, my bra size is 34 b or c depending, so this shouldn't be an issue for this dress.other stats: 5'7" 117 lbs and i got this in an extra small per recommendations of other reviewers. the small would b	Dresses
Given the price, i was pretty disappointed by the quality of the fabric. the dress falls nicely and fits well, but the fabric is cheap... i have another maxi dress that i bought for like 20 bucks at store on the boardwalk and it has the same fit and fabric.  i expect a lot more from a dress with this price. i'd recommend only buying on super-sale.	Dresses
I was thinking this was another maeve winner but this is actually plenty by tracy reese dress. i love the flowy fabric, the soft but vibrant colors and the gorgeous print. i wanted a size mp but that sold out so i purchased a regular m (with the intention to hem) and i find it too large in the bust. i'm going to order the sp instead too see if that fits better. for reference i am 5'3" 36dd 140#.	Dresses
I can't get enough of this dress! this dress is everything. from the flattering fit, to the colors and pattern, to the design, and to the quality.. this dress really has it all. this is worth every penny and in my opinion, a great price for a versatile, high quality dress. the material is that super comfy, stretchy material which is perfect for everyday! it is a no brainer and easy to throw on. i'm so happy it comes in petite as the xsp length fits me perfect! it hits at the perfect length for a	Dresses
I probably should have gone with petite. this dress was just awful on. the waist was nowhere near where it was supposed to be. it hits me about thigh level. it's very unforgiving, clingy, and shows every bump. i found the material tolerable but if worn for long periods of time, i have a suspicion that it would begin to irritate my skin and be scratchy. it's going back.	Dresses
I had this in my wish list a long time, ten when sale came along, my size was sold out. however, someone returned it at my local store. i purchased it then tried it on later... why i ended returning it:fabric was gorgeous, and light, but fall is coming, and i won't wear it until next summer. may get over it by thenthe shape is really nice, but the hem hit me in a weird spot on my short muscular legsas others mentioned, there are spots where the sewing is not "perfect" and bulges a little	Dresses
I also returned this dress after waiting weeks to received it. i had high hopes for this dress as i really loved it online but what a disappointment when i got it. the fabric is made of cheap poly that's shiny, thin, and clingy. it shows every lump and bump you have. the zipper at the back won't lay flat and keeps bunching up creating an ugly bump. the sewing and hemline is uneven. there wasn't a lot of thought put in in the print placement where the seams was sewn together in the midline	Dresses
I've read the previous reviews about this dress and was hesitant to order it but i'm so happy i did! i can definitely understand why certain reviews are saying that the fabric is cheap. it is an extremely thin material as well as a thin lining. however i think it depends on the person. because neither of those things actually bother me. i get hot very easily so i appreciate the fact that this dress is very thin and flowy. i think it's extremely comfortable and looks very cute on. the zipper d	Dresses
I really wanted to like this because the color is beautiful and the knit is obviously good quality. but the shape is impossible to work with. it doesn't just run big, it just hangs there. really disappointing. it'll have to go back.	Knits
I love eva franco this is a very poor version ! bias seams are puckery... zipper is bubbled felt great looked like fun but too much if a mess to be fixed.	Dresses
Do not buy this dress for full price. the design looks great but after receiving the dress, the material is made of extremely cheap slinky-ish polyester that you would find at a f21 store. the stitching is horrific and created an uneven "hump" on the back seam. just absolutely poor poor quality.	Dresses
I'm going on a cruise to the bahamas and when i saw this dress, i had to have it! i love it! it's soft to the touch and super fun to twirl around in! the seams are a bit awkward and that's due to the bottom part's shape. i have a slender navy blue belt that i pair it with to hide the waist seam and to accent my waist more. a navy blue sash/scarf/ribbon around the waist can do the trick too!	Dresses
Fits well and appropriate for work or going out! love the pop of red in the beads! could easily be worn with a jacket well into fall! i typically wear a 6 and a small fit perfectly. not too short- but hits above the knee! this will get lots of wear!	Dresses
This is a great dress that can be dressed up or worn with flip flops. i also love that it has pockets :)	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store and loved it. i am not a aize 2 (usually a 6) but the dress's a-line shape allowed me to get a size 2. the dress is well made and the orange beaded work is lovely. a very pretty dress that i will wear a lot.	Dresses
The color and fit of this dress is fabulous. i can't wait to wear it out.. casual with flats or dressy with heels. love it!	Dresses
This dress is just beautiful - color, fit, length, style, stretchy fabric...everything about it seems to flatter all body types. it also passes the armhole test - no issues there! the back closure detail adds a little something special to it. i tried it on with black leggings and a black leather jacket just for fun, and it looks surprisingly cute for multi-season wear. is it overpriced? absolutely, but so is 99% of the stuff at retailer. i will be keeping it anyway though because i think it's a tr	Dresses
I did like the dress, but don't love it. i think it would have been better for me if it were snugger. the xxs petite was still loose and i found that there are so many dresses with the similar fit, i decided to pass... i also do like both colors, the brown is a better choice for me on my skin tone (warmer), but both are nice. i am 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist.	Dresses
I don't usually go for swing style dresses as i am petite, but this one was totally cute. i like the color a lot, wasn't sure it would work as i am rather pale, but it is nice. the xs p was returned at my store, why i tried it on... winner. 115 lbs, 26.5 in waist, 30dd chest. i can see myself wearing this in summer, spring or fall (with boots).	Dresses
Love this dress...light and comfortable and fits true to size. i have larger shoulders and the halter design is really flattering. you can dress up or dress down which is a huge plus for me!	Dresses
I am not one to complain about things being cut too big as i generally don't mind lose and flowing. however, this dress is very "bell" shaped and the fabric is just thick enough that it doesn't really lay well, at least not like it does in the photo. i bought the earth-tone color way and i felt like i was wearing a macrame version of the liberty bell. it is also a lot shorter than i was expecting. if it weren't so short, i would try sizing down. it is very good quality and the slip is super soft	Dresses
I saw this dress in the window at the roc center nyc store and knew i had to have it. the one i chose has muted earth-tone colors of tan, green, gold. looks stunning with my complexion. the blue one was nice too, but the earth tones were more flattering on me. the fit is loose and flowy, very comfortable, but not baggy. i'm 5'5, 34c, 115ish and i took my usual xs. i plan to pair it with a muted green leather jacket and brown boots for the fall. can't wait!	Dresses
Very cute dress, just way too big. i ordered it online, wish i would have gone a size smaller.	Dresses
First off, this runs very large. i'm normally an 8 and sized down to the 6 but probably could have done a 4. it looked like a tent on me. the top part is lovely, i just think the bottom is way to large and not flattering. this one is definitely going back especially with all the white dress options they have out now.	Dresses
Love this dress.fabric is very soft and flattering. i paired it with wine suede boots. great material, i will be able to wear it most of the year with different accessories. i am fairly busty so i sometimes order an xl but read the reviews and ordered a large and was just fine. great go to dress!	Dresses
I love the color and style of this dress. and i wanted to love it too? sadly the fabric is truly inferior to the retailer brand and definitely not worth the price of the dress. checked it out in store and so glad i did as it would have been returned for sure.	Dresses
The color and fit is amazing on this dress. i am 5"7 and went with the small and the length wasn't too short either.	Dresses
I ordered this last week and received it yesterday and have to say it is a lovely dress. the fabric is light but looks quite rich, making one want to touch the textile. the dress pattern reminds me of a missoni. oh, the dress is lined. i purchased the blue pattern, and am planning on wearing it to work on friday.	Dresses
Dress it up or go casual - this dress has it all. well made and comfortable where other "lace" rubs the wrong way under arms - this is super soft. cant wait to pair different shoe colors and jewelry.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store, there are actually two different colors for this dress: one is blue/purple/silver, the other one is orange/tan/gold. both of them look very nice in person, especially with the shimmery thread. i tried on the blue/purple/silver one and i found it runs large. for reference, i am 5'2", 34b, 120 lbs, usually wearing a size s or sp in retailer dresses, i found size xs fits me better in this design. the material of this dress drapes nicely, but it is kind of itchy,	Dresses
The cut of this dress is what drew me to order it, but it is so much more! first, the fabric is more of a raw silk, which is more like a soft linen than silk.. it's also got a very soft lining that feels great on the skin, and it has pockets! love a dress with pockets! i also love that the design is on the front and back. i am 5' 4", 133 lbs and a 36c, and ordered a size 6. it's a little big on the sides, so i probably should've returned it for a 4, but it wasn't big enough to make it annoying o	Dresses
Beautiful dress that is easy to just throw on and go. i bought both colors. though it is loose it is still flattering. it has a good length and movement. i'm normally a m/l or 10/12. i took a medium as it is pretty loose fit.	Dresses
This sweet dress is perfect for fall and spring because the knit is not too thick, the drape allows layers and the colors are very versatile. the style is loose if you stay tts but will be a slimmer fit if you size down. if your body habitus is super slender, definitely size down. the liner slip is soft and the back side of the knit is a bit scratchy. i think this dress is beautiful and best of all, forgiving. i'm happy to have tried both colors--the problem is picking which one to keep! m	Dresses
I wish summer was longer so i could have the opportunity to wear this more. much more eye-catching and unique in person than the photo. 5 stars.	Dresses
Love this dress. i wore it with black boots and got so many compliments super comfortable. i feel like this dress will never go out style.	Dresses
I am a huge fan of tracy reese because her dresses are works of art, great quality, and super wearable for both work and play, and this is no exception. i purchased this dress in regular xs (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips) and it falls right above my knees. for the office or more conservative setting, i add a belt and a sweater. otherwise, i wear it alone for a carefree look. i chose the regular size because the dress is voluminous and it gets about an inch shorter when i belt it, and it looks	Dresses
I like this dress. the floral pattern and little red beads. others may think it is baggy, however, i like this type of the style.	Dresses
This dress is very comfortable, not itchy at all and looks great. runs on the large side and is a tiny bit unflattering in the middle but it's still a worthwhile buy!	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress because the color is so amazing, but the arm holes are huge! i am petite and tried this on and it just sadly didn't work.	Dresses
The dress runs large so if you go down a size you will be fine. looks awesome on. love it. would definitely recommend	Dresses
This one didn't work for me. ordered this and the riverdeck tee as similar vein. riverdeck was cute and flattering cut. this one was boxy on me and didn't work. a bit too wide so sending back.	Knits
I don't know that i'll keep this, although i really want to. i love the style and the fabric, and the length is perfect for me (i'm 5'3" and i ordered the petite length - it hits me below the knee). as another reviewer mentioned, this dress runs small in the chest area and does not provide any stretch. luckily for me, that wasn't an issue.my trouble is this: the liner stops just above the slits on the side, and it's way more noticeable in person than in the photo. the liner is sewn in and yo	Dresses
I like everything about this shirt except i wish the embroidery was on the back too. gives it a cheaper look by only having it on the front. you will look prettier coming than going for sure!	Knits
If you like a slightly heavier, non/clingy basic tee, this is it. i wore the long sleeved version all fall and winter, rotating colors, and i've been wearing these with shorts and leggings since i got them. the colors are great, fabric is quality, and the ribbon detail in the back gives these a little flare.	Knits
I got this dress in the mail today and really thought i was going to love it. the color is a beautiful rich red, which was a nice surprise. i was expecting more of a dusty red from the picture. love the fabric - soft and appears to be good quality. the length is perfect - hit right at my knees (size small). the flow of the dress is great as well. the ultimate flaw would be the arm and neck holes. the neck hole was choking me but yet a little loose at the back of the neck - almost like it was on	Dresses
When i ordered this dress, i thought to myself "hmm, it seems a little close to showing some side boob, but maybe that's just the angle of the photo." flash forward to me trying it on in my home - "yep, that's some side boob." it is very low cut under the arms. if you're super slim, this might be a good look, but on a curvy gal with some boobs, it was obscene. also, i'm a solid 12 in most retailer brands, so i ordered a l and an xl just in case. the xl wouldn't even zip up. returning.	Dresses
This dress makes me so sad...the textured stretchy fabric, color, length, and overall swingy fit are spot on. as another reviewer noted though, the armholes and neck totally ruin the dress. the neck is tiny, which i could have gotten over once it was on, but the arm holes were just awful - too big all around (too tall of a cut plus too wide of a cut). basically, you could see my bra plus from the front there was unflattering exposure near the armholes. it could have been so good, but alas, but t	Dresses
There is simply a ton of fabric on this tee. i am a size 8 on top, with a fairly thin upper body but still an 8. at retailer i often order small for swingy tees, medium for more slim-cut. this tee in the small was huge. the shoulders fit well, but the body was so big and was a weirdly long length. just odd, especially for $78...	Knits
Loved this tee but embroidery started to unravel even before being washed. i paid full price for this top and wasn't disappointed but needed to return due to the embroidery problem. this tee is a mustard color.	Knits
I have this tee in every single color and love it. this shirt is so soft, airy, and comfortable, and the ribbon embellishment on the back dresses it up a little. i love wearing leggings or skinny jeans with it and accessorizing with an infinity scarf. i normally wear a size small, but i sized up to a medium this time. there is very little difference in the two sizes, but i liked the modest increase in length. i'm glad that i did this, because the tees shrunk ever so slightly after being in the d	Knits
I would give this top a 4.5. it is a very pretty top, i love the embroidery, but runs a little short for my taste. it still meets past the top of my pants, but barely. this is why i didn't give this top a 5. i am 5'9" so i think for a petite person the length would be perfect.	Knits
Just bought this today in xl and i like it a lot. i am very busty so if i see an xl in most things i will try it on. i probably could have fit into a large though. this will look cute with leggings as it is long enough to cover your butt. i didn't know about the emerald color as it looked in store lights, but it is more blue-green at home. i like it even better. well worth $48!	Knits
The dress is beautiful in pictures, but all the reviews are dead on...it was full of snags when it arrived! 8 snags to be exact. and the fabric was heavier than i expected. sadly, had to return.	Dresses
I love the look and feel of the material, but it was way too short - i don't even have a long torso! sadly, it's going back to the store.	Knits
The shape was not as nice on model, seemed like a lot of extra material.	Dresses
I thought this was love at first sight. the color and design are both stunning. and it drapes just perfectly over the body without looking like a tent. and the fabric feels nice, but the very first time i put it on, it snagged on my fingernail (and my nails are kept short and neat). this wouldn't have been a problem, except that the snag is very obvious. this material seems like it's going to snag on every single thing. i didn't dare even try on a necklace for this reason. i'm really undecided o	Dresses
I ordered the medium pink in a size small. the color is more of a hot pink. it runs small through the shoulders and bust (i'm 34-d). i like that it covers your bum and the detail down the back. but it is going back, i may try a medium petite in a different color.	Knits
This shirt is soft, long and is the perfect pair for leggings. i am only 5 ft. tall so this is extra long on me in the front and back! i bought it in 3 colors and hope to get more. i bought a large and love how it covers/hides my trouble areas!	Knits
This shirt feels amazing, it is the perfect length for leggings. i have it in long sleeves also. i don't love the pink color i bought, it looks very different from the color pictured.	Knits
I bought a few of these tops in the long sleeved version during the fall/winter, so i was super excited to see the short sleeved version come out! in this brand, i can wear an xs or s - i typically wear a s in retailer tops. if you need a tee that covers your lady parts when wearing leggings, this is it! it perfectly covers my rump and looks great. it's a nice weight, too. the detailing down the back is a nice touch.	Knits
This tee is a great everyday staple. it is comfortable and it also drapes very well. i am 5ft 2in, 100lbs, 34b and i got this in xxs regular. the length is perfect for leggings/skinny jeans, and it also looks really cute with a side knot in front. i have this is navy, green and black. the navy color is brighter in person and in my opinion, looks better. you can't go wrong. planning on getting the grey and pink one as well.	Knits
Great tee! i usually wear an xs, but ended up getting this in xxsp. it is very long but the petite worked perfect on my 5'9" frame.	Knits
I bought this top in both colors. the fit is perfect, the styling is very cute and it also is very comfortable!!the only bad thing is that it snags on my jewelry !! :(. if it weren't for that i would rate it a 5!!	Knits
I wanted a nice, well-fitting top that would work with trousers, jeans, and skirts alike, and be a nice wardrobe staple. i got two of these tops - one size s (black) and one m (turquoise). the size m is gigantic and i have to return it. the size s is also a whole lotta shirt. the top is really long and has a multi-level bottom, as well as the pocket, making it not just a simple top but a rather "loud" top. nevertheless, i'm keeping the size s (black) as a versatile shirt that i can hopefully tuc	Knits
Love this t-shirt. i rarely pay full price but love this and it's already out of stock. fits perfect. i tend to be short waisted so the length is perfect.	Knits
I would have loved this top if it were the length pictured on the model, but it was a cropped length on me :(	Knits
I'm one of those people who is juuuust right between being regular and petite sized, so i have a hard time with some longer tunic styles. this tee is pretty fitted though the shoulders and bust, which makes the rest of the top kind of skim over the body. i like that, especially for those days where i feel a little bloated or like i want to hide out a bit. the fabric is very comfortable and not sheer. the little stripe down the back is a cute detail and it's in a slightly contrasting fabric w	Knits
Sadly, this dress was trashed after wearing it for an hour. it snagged on everything -- my watch, my purse, my necklace. i had to go home, change, and return the dress later. impractical fabric ruined an otherwise lovely dress.	Dresses
The tee looks longer on the model. i am 5 feet 9 and this tee is showing of my belly which surprise me a bit. i thought it would hit the waist line. still, very nice tee, i love cotton, it simply is the best. colors are nice too.	Knits
This shirt is really cute and runs large. i am a true s and this shirt came as big as what i would call an l.i get that its a boyfriend t-shirt feel but it was still surprising. if you're an s i suggest xxs and so forth.the color is yellow but not as yellow as the picture shows.	Knits
This dress was a gamble for a nautical them wedding next year. could not be happier. fabric was surprisingly stretchy which made it move like butter. the dress was stunning on and very comfortable which cannot be said for many gowns. i am so glad i took the gamble.	Dresses
This is a cute dress, but not for me. 1. i think it runs very small, 2. it is super textured so if you don't want to add bulk (aka pounds) to your frame, this probably isn't for you. it's too bad it's online only because i would have benefitted from trying this on first. i'm sure it's probably adorable on smaller, thinner people. unfortunately, mine is going back.	Dresses
I ordered this on sale, after reading the review, but i was disappointed when i tried it on. the color is darker in person, which is better for me, but it looked dull on my skin tone (pale). also, teh sleeves poofed in a weird way on the top where the seam meets the neck. the overall cut is almost flattering, a little long still for me in petite, i felt like i was trying on a regular size. so not for me. for reference, i ordered the 0p (or xsp, not sure right now). i am 115 lbs, 30dd chest, 26.5	Dresses
Size 8 always, 36c and i have broad shoulders...i found this true to size. the colors pop more and there is a cleavage alert, just letting you girls know. this is very figure flattering, especially with my body frame, it accentuates the right spots.	Dresses
This dress is so lovely in person, with more muted colors than pictured which will transition nicely into fall. the overall cut of the dress is really flattering, especially for hourglass/ pear figures. sadly, i had to return the dress because the arms were insanely small. i after putting the dress on, i was worried i wouldn't be able to actually get it off. if you have teeny, tiny arms...you'll probably be okay with your regular size. if you have any kind of muscle (or squish :)), size up.	Dresses
I thought that this dress would be perfect for my 60th birthday, however i was disappointed when i received it. it is extremely heavy from the beading and i just did not find it pretty in person. it did nothing for me. also, it runs small and was tight.	Dresses
Looks cute on! not super form fitting... more of a flow fit. love the detailed stitching! so cute! floral pattern is fun not too busy! i loved the pockets... there is a bit of extra material but if you expect a flowy fit it's still totally lovely! i was worried about tightness in the arms but not a problem at all!!! i love this dress! lining makes it feel really well made!	Dresses
Gorgeous dress and very flattering but it does run quite small in the bust (i'm 32 dd) and even the shoulder area (i rarely have problems there). i also find the side zipper a pain. sized up from a 2p to a 4p. the lace detail is especially beautiful and the color is more peachy than pink, the print quite saturated and not too pastel for early fall. i can see wearing it for 3 seasons, at least in ca.	Dresses
Very lovely print and fabric, there is more gray to the print's background than the photo shows. the shape is feminine and flattering, although the sleeves are more fitted on my arms. i bought this to wear to an early fall rehearsal dinner. very happy with the purchase!	Dresses
This dress was absolutely gorgeous and beautifully made. i ordered a size down as the other reviews stated the dress ran large. however it was massive. i wanted this dress so badly and mourn that i had to take it back to the store.	Dresses
The cut is too long and shapeless. if it was cropped, i would have kept it. the beads are delicate as another reviewer has said but i was prepared for that. too bad the fit just wasn't flattering. it's going back.	Knits
I ordered:xspxxsxxspxxsp was the better fit, some people loved it some didn't like as much (thought it was baggy and are not used to seeing me in baggy clothing. but that being said, ti was comfortable, the cutouts fell right on spot on my shoulders, and it is a nice casual embellished look half tucked in some boyfriend jeans. i reordered mine as it had something stuck on it and it bothered me (like sticky white) i will re-evaluate when i get the new order only because there are sooo m	Knits
This dress came with two pieces, a black sheath slip and a sheer pattern top-piece (pictured). it's pull-on and comfortable and flows well. i ordered online but wish i could have selected the pattern, as the fabric differs a little from front to back both in the pattern and intensity of color. overall though, a comfortable, light summer dress.	Dresses
This was a near miss for me. i love the concept of the asymmetrical shoulder cutouts and the contrast of the beadwork to the simple gray crewneck, however, with some of the beads bulging out about 1/4 inch from the shirt, i have to say it almost bordered on gawdy christmas sweater status... but still cool. i actually thought this piece felt fairly sturdy and well-made, but the thing that got me and led me to return it was that even in an xs it was indeed cut wide. if it were a little shorter it	Knits
Customers beware, there is no lining on this dress. i love the pattern however it would be a nightmare trying to find a slip to match the dress! i ordered it on line but i'll take it back to the shop.	Dresses
Great fit, very soft fabric, and the sleeves are long enough!! great length in the body too.	Knits
I saw this duster and immediately ordered it in cream. i have worn it every chance i get. it goes well with dresses as well as shorts or jeans. the length is perfect, the design is flattering, and the material is soft and comfortable. the sleeves are snug- but i like this feature, especially for light weight summer use over a tank top or sleeveless blouse. this will be a go to item. thanks retailer- another gem!	Knits
I am normally a straightforward 10 - since i saw the other review i ordered down to an 8 - i am still swimming in it.i would say i have about 4 inches of extra fabric in the waist/hips. this is sized way too large. i love the softness of the checkers but i suspect this could get itchy fast on the arms where it touches the wool - but i won't find out cause i'm returning it?on the bright side i might fit a 6 which would be pretty nice.	Dresses
Love this!!! 115 lbs thin arms, the xs fits perfect. it's very flattering and has a boho vibe bc of its length. the arms are a little snug but in a very flattering way. haven't worn it enough yet to experience any pilling, but crossing my fingers. the cream is a really pretty pale oatmeal color imo. the grey is a black/grey speckled look.	Knits
I ordered the cream colored duster after purchasing the grey one in store. i loved the grey one so much i had to get the other color. i love the length of the item. i am 5'9" and don't feel like it is too short for me to get the look. it is light weight so i did not get too warm in it and will be able to wear it much of the year. i did wear it open as i feel that it runs a tad tight on the arms and torso when buttoned. however, i prefer the look of it worn open so that was not a problem for me.	Knits
I wore this for the first time today and got so many compliments! i'm a personal stylist and went to an event for the company i work for..which means i was in a room filled with stylish people, and i got nothing but compliments about my top. it is so comfy and i did worry at first about the beading and if it was too fragile, but it was fine. i sized down for this top but can't wait to wear it all fall and winter!	Knits
I absolutely love this dress... tried it on one size down from my usual...it fit but my size would be perfect and 8 and 10 are out of stock. it's stunning and i love it... i badly have to have it... please bring it back retailer:)	Dresses
Great dress. fitted but flowing. i like the colors and think it will easily grams iron to fall. i am 5 ft 32 d 27 waist.	Dresses
This is a gorgeous sweater with a great proportion in terms of length and fit. i am petite, so i worried that such a long sweater might look weird on me, but it actually makes me look slim and taller. i get so many compliments when i wear it. i ordered the xxs petite.	Knits
Bought this in cream in my usual xs/0, (5'7", 32b, 115lbs). it is a very flattering summer weight cardi which will work well with jeans and maxi dresses this summer. i would point out however that the sleeves are very snug - if you don't have thin arms then you may have to consider sizing up. i stuck with the xs even though i had to carefully pull the arms on because the s was just a little looser in the back. the sleeves are meant to be form fitting but i think they have been designed a little	Knits
I purchased the blue with white dots. the shape was awful, but looked like a sack - returned	Dresses
Tried this on in the red because the pattern is so eye catching and beautiful. i couldn't get it off fast enough. picture this: tight in the best, tight in the hips, extra billowy in the middle. so confused and can't see how this would be flattering on anyone. unless you're planning to repurpose the gorgeous fabric, skip.	Dresses
This dress has so much potential but doesn't make it.i read all the reviews and very few were favorable and still took my chances. fabric color and textures is great but the design is really off.with the little folds on the shoulder and since the fabric is more on the thick side, all this make it to accumulate the "extra" weight on the front of the body and as result "not flattering" for the majority of ladies including meit is a shame since it has may great features, the style: flowy, low	Dresses
I was in love with the green print, so i ordered this despite the reviews. i wish i'd listened. the fit is incredibly weird--huge at the top but tapering in at the hips. so sad this didn't work.	Dresses
The colors of this dress really caught my eye. i was hesitant to try it in the store because they only had a size 4 and i'm normally a size 6. when i tried it on i was pleasantly surprised that the dress fit around my hips. success! but like the other women that commented, there was something funky going on in the midriff area. the dress didn't accentuate my curves. the stylist was available at the store i was at, so she recommended that i belt it to add that extra "umph". the belt definitely di	Dresses
Nice shirt seems well made. good just not a great fit for me.	Knits
The quality of the fabric is good, but the fit is horrible. unflattering and strange. definitely a pass.	Dresses
I loved the design and material of the test, but unfortunately it just did not fit me right. it was tight in the hips and did not have the relaxed look i was hoping for. also the pattern did not look good on me. unfortunately i had to return.	Dresses
I agree with the other reviewer that the green is brighter in person, which was a happy mishap. the 8p makes this look just like depicted on me in terms of proportion, so beware that this borders on too long for petites. my not small chest made me look pregnant, but it fit well regardless. adding a wide belt made this dress look amazing on me and shortens it to a more flattering length. this is a miracle as-is because i'm very short-waisted. keeper!	Dresses
I love the pattern (red motif) but the sizing of this dress is way off. the top fit fine but the hip area was so tight when standing with my legs hip-width apart. the only way it looked normal was if i stood with my feet together and thighs touching. i ordered my usual size 10 - for reference i am 5'9", 170# bra size 34f and 40-41" hips.	Dresses
I'm glad they put up some pix of non-models looking cute in this dress, as it's taken a beating in the reviews! i measure 34(a)-27-35 and have no problems with the size s fit at all. it's drapey but not voluminous, with no pulling at the hips. the "folded" detail up at the top does call attention to the shoulders, but not in a bad way. the pleated neckline is cute on a small chest, and the red pattern/palette is awesome. love the length too -- i am 5'4" & the size s hits me just above the knee.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to work in my second trimester. the shape is perfect to accommodate a baby bump while still flattering the top. definitely recommend for any pregnant women trying to avoid true maternity clothes!	Dresses
Quality was not what you expect from retailer, especially for the price. top is lined but skirt is not. material is tissue paper thin and see thru. there is a point at the bottom of the sweetheart neckline that does not lay flat, it keeps popping up. however the back is very cute and for that i wanted to love it but too many negatives. was returned.	Dresses
I read other reviews that there was extra fabric in the stomach area and knew it'd be perfect for me to wear to a wedding at 20 weeks pregnant. and it was! i got tons of compliments. it accented my baby bump perfectly, fitted but not too tight. the pleats at the top create a nice shape for the bump. very comfortable for an outdoor wedding. my only complaint is that the armholes are rather tight. after pregnancy i will try belting the dress.	Dresses
So after ordering this dress and trying it on myself i was able to make sense of the previous reviews. this dress is constructed very oddly. the top seems to have no room for any hips. it is a straight construct so if you are like me that has an hourglass shape but has a pair of hips i would size up. i bought this in a 6p and in all colors. first off the colors/ patterns are amazing in person very adorable. this fit my 34ddd bust without any problems and no problems in torso either. it was reall	Dresses
I found the dot print in the store and though the pattern was cute, but when i tried it on i just had to wonder - who actually looks good in this style? it fits like a sack, big and puffy in the middle but tapered at the hem. it creates the exact opposite on an hourglass shape. genuinely puzzled that anyone would look good in this style. to bad, i hope they use these cute colors and prints on a style with some waist-definition next time.	Dresses
I want to love this dress. the colors and pattern are gorgeous, and i love the hemline. but something seems off in the chest and shoulders area. it almost feels a little slouch-y.	Dresses
I was eyeing this one for a while. based on the style and other reviews, i did order one size up. i think it would have been too small [catch on the hips] in my regular size. i do wish it was a little longer, too. the back is fine because it's longer. it's definitely wearable though. i wouldn't recommend it for a work function if you're a bit taller. despite all of that, i really do like dress. it's a new favorite. i ordered the blue --- love the dot pattern. i wore it with brown booties and it	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store and absolutely fell in love with the fabric and just had to have it. i ordered it on line in my size and when it arrived, i tried it on (or tried to try it on) and it didn't fit some parts of my bday (mainly in the bust). i ordered the largest size, so there was no where to go from there except to send it back. others here have complained about a strange fit in the tummy area (i.e., too much material). i never got to find out because i really couldn't get the dress	Dresses
This dress was built for my body to disguise it's flaws. i did have to size up because i am broad shouldered, busty, with a tummy pooch and no hips. this dress skims along all that mess and makes me look slimmer. received the package today and am wearing it right now, i'm so happy! i ordered size 10, my stats are 5'3" 145# 36dd.	Dresses
This dress comes with a built in fupa. literally there is extra material at the lower abdomen that sticks out and is very unflattering.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress, but the fit was strange. i have a small waist and larger hips. i generally wear a 0-2 in a fit & flare style, but styles like this i generally wear a 2-4 for my hips. even in a 4 this was catching on my hips and looked kind of dumpy on my top half.i really think this dress would be great on a frame that had wider shoulders and smaller hips. it really is pretty.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store months ago and never forgot it, so when i saw it on sale i nabbed it online. so sad to see how this dress fits: just right up top, just right along the hem, and then it's a hot, potato-sack-frump mess in the middle. it's a shame because the fabric is beautiful.	Dresses
As other reviews stated, this dress runs very large. it was a big potatoe sack on me. added to the fact that the green is much brighter than the online photos, it is going back!	Dresses
I am 135 and went with a size zero. it was very cute on but a little tight on my hips when sitting. the fabric is beautiful, and very soft and silky. the length was great, comes to just barely above my knees and is long in the back. great work outfit.	Dresses
I ordered the red motif online in my current size 10. the fabric is so beautiful, even prettier than the online photo. the fit is not great on me. it made me look wider at my chest area and almost catches at my hips (i'm sure shapewear would take care of this). the dress looks really good with a jacket or vest but just weird by itself. i agree with the other reviewer who said it was a little short - i'm 5'9". it looks good standing up but is very short when i sit. there's no real stretch to the	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the green, and while the print and material were lovely, the extra folds in the neckline made the dress look frumpy up top. the billowly bottom made it look like a bag. i am 5ft, 36d and 29" waist and the size 2 fit, which makes me think this runs large! i'll be returning this dress.	Dresses
Do not buy! i used my 15% discount on this. what a waste. my usual sizes range from s to l depending on what brand. i should have gotten a small. i don't think that would've helped. it was so awkward looking. nothing like the model. it made me look as if i had gained 15 pounds. it was waaay longer in the back-like a mullet. the material was really thick. it is more appropriate for fall. i had high hopes for this-to dress up or down. it was just so ridiculous.	Knits
I ordered this since it looked so cute on the model . when i it arrived, i was excited to try it on, but when i did...blah. the color is murky and the top runs large, not to mention that the material is too heavy for a short sleeved top (plus it's lined). i really wanted to like it and debated wetting it and then putting it in the dryer to shrink it a bit. in the end, i decided that it wasn't worth it. too bad, as the concept was a good one. it just failed in the execution.	Knits
I tried on the red xs in the store and the v-neck was way too low. showed at least an inch of my bra strap in the back, which was unfortunate because i really loved the dress otherwise. i decided to purchase the xxs online hoping the v would not be so deep and would cover my bra. it did, but the xxs was significantly smaller! it still fit, but took this from an elegantly flowy and loose dress to one that looked more empire cut and tight in the chest. maybe the xs i tried in the store was just st	Dresses
I love this top it is easy to wear fun and very comfortable. i was thinking about it for weeks and kept coming back to it after i read a review about going up a size i decided to go for it and i am very happy i did!!! my new favorite!!!	Knits
I got the orange dress and find it super comfortable and flattering. i dress it up with a one-inch taupe belt and taupe wedge shoes. it moves beautifully, i can wear a regular bra and it doesn't show. i got an xs regular and the hemline hits 6" above my ankles. i'm 5' 3", 33-26-35 and normally take a size 2 or 0. i'm long waisted, so often a petite will be short-waisted on me. the seam actually comes just below the bust line on me, unlike on the model. on days when i'm a bit bloated, i can wear	Dresses
The way the back came down so much made the top look weird. i do like some tops that hang longer in the back but this one was just too much. also the material was kind of blah it was thick polyester which would not be very cool during the summer and the color looked better in the picture. so to me it was just a over priced odd top.	Knits
I bought these in both colors. i'm usually an xs or a small and i went with the small for the length. they are a comfy shirt great for the hot summer days.	Knits
This is super cute. i bought it in the gray and white lace in a size s and it's quite roomy. i probably could have sized down to an xs, but i like the relaxed look. there are a few edges of lace that are not sewn down all the way and i will have to fix them as i can see them start to pull away and eventually unravel but otherwise it's a beautiful and unique top.	Knits
I found the color to be a bit blah, and the sweater is chunky and is a tad too short for wear it lands. also, because of its "chunkiness," it doesn't tuck in as nicely to a pair of jeans as it appears to on the model.	Knits
I loved the look of this shirt, but when i put it on it was entirely too billowy under the chest. it just ended up making me look larger and pregnant.	Knits
I saw the photo of the young woman wearing this dress in the reviews and she looked beautiful, i on the other hand looked awful. the fabric of the entire dress is quite stiff, so the dress didn't move with me; it sort of felt as if i was wearing a paper cut out. then to contribute to the volume, the sleeve is not set in, it is a raglan style, that on me looked more like a bat suit, than what i was hoping for, a beautiful distinctive dress for an important affair. also the belt didn't enhance the	Dresses
This dress is so cute and comfortable! it can be dressed up or down, super versatile. love it!	Dresses
Love this top! has a beautiful shape, and it wasn't too long on my 5'3" frame. puella always makes items with lovely, soft cotton, and this is no exception! awesome piece for summer!	Knits
I ordered this tank, and was very pleased with the quality. each of the stripe colors has a different knit, adding an unusual and interesting look. it has a trim fit. i wear s and sometimes xs, but this fit perfectly in the s. i agree with the other reviewers that that armholes are the correct size- so nice not to worry about a bra showing in the armholes!	Knits
Beautifully constructed tank--but the bodice isn't fitted and hangs straight down on me--perhaps better for a full-figured individual (i'm 5' 8", 34b, 120lbs and the xs had no shape on sides). could've been longer too. size of armholes is perfect though (often they gap/show bra).	Knits
This dress didn't work for me for several reasons, but i knew i wouldn't keep it as soon as i saw the ribbing on the neck and arms, which makes an otherwise flexibly styled dress (dress up/dress down) into super casual only (plus it looks cheap). it is also not for the long waisted or tall.on the plus side, the fabric feels great, and it hangs well.	Dresses
I think this is adorable and am so excited to have bought it. it is really flattering. i love how it hangs-- it's loose enough without being unflattering at all. it's a little retro. it feels really soft! i hope it holds up well. i'm 5'1 and and 103. i got an xs and it fits perfectly.	Knits
I hoped, from the picture, that this would be more of a "straight down" sort of fit. retailer is usually really great at selling tops that flatter hips without having an obvious bell shape to them. however, the top had too much of a "flare out" bell-shaped vibe. i need to be able to wear this with maxi skirts in the summer, but this top would be too sack-like and billowy with those. i think it would only work with jeans/trousers. my final objection was the arm holes - the way they are cut,	Knits
I had eyed this simple yet stylish dress for awhile but hadn't tried it on yet. i managed to snag the orange version during the tag sale - $40 for maeve?? it is super flattering and will be a wardrobe staple for years.	Dresses
Pros:- fits tts. i tried on a size m and it fit well for my 36c and hourglass frame.- the cowl neck gives it a nice touch of class.- love the pop of yellow. not too showy and yet cute and fun.- fabric has a great feel and stretch to it. forgiving fit. - will go with many outfits.-wore a nude bra and had no see-through issues.______________cons:- does seem a tad delicate, easy to snag due to being a knit, but otherwise solid construction.- unlined.______________________rea	Knits
I purchased this top in the black and tan color, loved the fit, style and fabric. however, it is a loose weave and after just one wearing a hole opened up on the front, which could not be repaired. it was covered by the cowl neck collar but as the day wore on the hole got bagger and it can no longer be hidden. i was very disappointed in the quality of this top- i purchased it at full price and was only able to wear it once. i just didn't have the time to return it to the store.	Knits
This is a heavy dress - it's surprising when you lift up the hanger how much it weighs because it looks like a light sundress. and on my frame, which is pretty thin, it hits my shoulders and then my hips and just falls... so the heft of it means there's no waistline... it's an odd fit. the color is gorgeous, but the lack of shape made this a no.	Dresses
I ordered this online in red. i would definitely say this color is more of an orange-red. i like the weight and the cut. i keep wishing the material was a soft modal vs what it is. the ribbing up top does not bother me but it definitely does make it a casual dress. (which is what i wanted so i'm happy with it) it fits me nicely, the straps (for me) could be a hare shorter to fit perfectly. that being said, i'm 5'5" and have a thin build. small bust. i would say there is a some leeway for 1 s	Dresses
I was immediately drawn to the ochre yellow color of this dress and it's stitch and pleat details and was happy to score it early enough in the season still in my size and preferred color option. unlike other reviewers, i was not turned off by the ribbing at the neck and arm lines. i received the dress yesterday, am wearing it today, and have already received compliments from even the most sour-faced co-workers who can't give a compliment or share casual conversation in the hallway. the sunny ye	Dresses
Just bought this today and i love it. so simple, and at the same time it's not. the fabric makes it casual to dress up or down, but the shape of it is incredible and what takes it above simple. the straps felt a little long, so i will likely get it altered to be shortened in the straps. got the red and it's gorgeous.	Dresses
Absolutely love this sweater! it is a tad bit large. i bought it in a medium but because i like the loose fit i will keep it. it is very light and great for the summer. i've only worn it once so far and received many compliments on it. great quality as well!	Knits
I like the color blocking of this top, but it was too large and billowy on the bottom. it felt like a pregnancy top so i had to return it as it gave me no shape.	Knits
This top has a lot of potential (comfortable, easy to wear) but it's cut too small in the area above the bust. i tried the top in small, medium and large (i usually wear s or m in retailer tops) and couldn't get that area to not look tight or like it was pulling. you can see it on the model, too -- that space right above the bra near the armhole. i think you'd need to order a size up to get that space to work but then the top will start to look too big on the bottom. i tried the green in the sto	Knits
I saw this dress in a store the other day. it is so cute in real life. i don't think the pictures online even begin to show how cute it is on. the dress is well-made and it fit perfectly. in fact, it is quite flattering. i am so happy i saw it in the store. even though i am big online shopper i would have passed on this dress if i only saw it online, but don't because it is worth every penny.	Dresses
The good: the sloths are cute because sloths are always cute. now the bad: the material is wretched. it feels damp even when it's not... it's see through and unlined... it's scratchy and wrinkly... and though the cut of the dress would be fine, the fabric is so limp that the high-low hem looks more like a tail. i wanted to like this, but charging nearly 200 dollars for a see through piece of awful fabric with a passable cut was simple not acceptable. i returned it as fast as i possibly c	Dresses
This dress is much cuter in person than it looks on the model online. it's so flattering, it fits like a dream, and i love the fabric. i love that the skirt is a true a-line, not poofy, so it's sleek, slimming and flattering. the neckline is feminine and gorgeous and is a bit sexy, while still being classy. oh, and the length, perfection! not too long, not too short. i never ever pay full price and for this dress i had to. i am a curvy size 4 and it fits perfectly true to size. i couldn't be hap	Dresses
I loved this dress when i tried it on. the plaid is darling and the plunge is sexy. i so wish it would work for my body type. the waist came a bit too high on me (almost a line) and it made me look kind of frumpy in the midline.	Dresses
The stylist at my local retailer recommended i try this dress and it did not disappoint! the material is fabulous and it looks exactly as pictured on the model. it also has pockets which is a bonus to me. i normally wear a 4 but bought a 6 in this dress - i am a 34c and i felt the 4 was a little tight across the chest - otherwise i feel the dress is pretty much true to size.	Dresses
Really gorgeous dress...great fabric/weight, great color & style. runs one size small. i ordered my regular 6 but had to return...hope the 8 works!!!	Dresses
Wide fit. usually an 8-10 at retailer. got a large for online order and was large for sure - great for summer or winter with long sleeve and tights	Dresses
I live abroad where there is no retailer. so i rely heavily on reviews.i took the advice from others and ordered a size up. glad i did because the top portion of the dress runs very small. if you have larger breasts this dress may not work for you. luckily for me..it fits wonderfully..i love the fabric and the fact that it has pockets. it's lined..but not too bulky.its a lovely summer halter where you can show a little skin.	Dresses
This dress has been in my inbox for a long time and when it went on sale i purchased it right away. i am a size 4 petite in everything retailer and have not had a problem with fit, if anything i might have to size down. i purchased a 4 petite in this dress and i couldn't zip it all the way up. it was as if i was trying to get into a 0 petite. i don't even think a size 6 would fit. there is something not right with the make of this particular dress i received. even if the fit was perfect i didn't	Dresses
I needed a summer party dress for a few casual special occasions this summer and this dress fit the bill perfectly. fits tts (5'8", 160lb - sz 8) and is really flattering. it is quite open in the front but i was able to keep everything situated w/ the right bra. purchased it on sale and am so pleased!	Dresses
Super cute! got a marilyn vibe that i like. although i can tie the halter to make the chest area tighter, i will have to get a tailor to adjust the chest area and under the arms a bit.	Dresses
This is just the cutest dress on. i love the way the plaid comes together in the seams and the fullness of the skirt. i almost didn't order it, but then i left something in my cart too long and it was gone. this was my next choice. i haven't had the chance to wear it yet. but the wrinkles pressed out beautifully and it is hanging in my closet waiting for an event. i will wear it without a bra since even with my strapless, the bra shows in the front. i think if you want to wear a bra it would be	Dresses
Love this dress but wish the lining was full length - will be removing this liner and using a different slip underneath!	Dresses
Cutest dress i own. very flattering, makes your waist look tiny.	Dresses
Love the luxury feel, so soft. perfect for day out. i'm 5'6 and the fit is just right. not too long or short. dalls right at the shoulders too.	Dresses
I purchased this dress in blue and paired it with the seychelles forward platform wedges in cognac. the fit is amazing, the length is great (i'm 5'5" and it hits me a couple inches above the knee), and it is a great spring staple. my only issue with this dress is that is wrinkles so easily. easily fixed with a quick steam or low iron.	Dresses
This is a nice dress made with high quality fabric. unfortunately i'll need to make a return as it was quite big. i bought this dress in an xs and it was too large all around. i am about 5'3" and 112 lbs and would have taken the petite, but there were none available. i'm not sure the petite would have even been small enough. the dress was a bit too long for short ladies and definitely too large in the waist and the bust (i'm small on top). it's too bad a this was a cute, and versatile dress that	Dresses
I loved this dress immediately. it is soft to the touch and super comfortable. i will be wearing this so much this summer! the arms are true to size and the body is flowy and roomy, but it is still flattering! highly recommend!	Dresses
Versatile and comfy. can be worn with shirts underneath for multi-seasonal wear.	Dresses
Love the material and how the back is longer than the front! adds style!	Dresses
Great purchase. true to size. so flattering. love it simplicity.. buy it if you enjoy compliments!	Dresses
I admit i have a soft spot for a most anything from maeve. this dress is no exception. i had overlooked it online due to the white shirt they show with it online. but the material, design tex are great. the colors are very me and i can see this being a great fall, winter and early spring dress. the material is very soft ( i have sensitive skin) and i love the little pop of color that the front piece adds. the only draw back for me is the lack of pockets and it runs big. i got this on sale so siz	Dresses
This dress fit me like a glove and it's very pretty on, but the fabric looks and feels very cheap in person. it didn't look like a dress i spent this much money on. the lining is a very silky thick polyester that doesn't seem like it would be comfortable in any sort of heat. the lace overlay has this strange fusing kind of material between the pattern that looks so cheap. i love the idea of this dress, but it just isn't worth the money (in my opinion) so i returned it.	Dresses
This dress is perfection and i bought the blue one. please make this in black or other dark colors.	Dresses
I purchased the sand color (beige/) one size up from my usual xs to allow for extra room around the hips. the dress fit a little large so the extra room wasn't necessary. the fabric was much thinner than i expected for the price point. the dress was sheer and on my lighter skin tone looked more like a lab coat than a dress. this may be stunning on someone a bit taller. at 5'4 it just hung on my frame and didn't do much for me. the pockets are a nice touch but overall the cut was unflattering and	Dresses
So comfortable! i wore it during my last airline travel day, and a complete stranger complimented me on it.	Dresses
I love this jess. i got it in the blue gray color, and i think it's going to be great for spring and will work into summer as well. cloth and stone is always one of my favorite brands and this dress is so soft. i'm thinking that i'm going to belt it to give it some more shape but i like how it looks unbelted as well	Dresses
This shirt dress will make a great piece for the summer to throw on. the length is perfect for either a dress or throw on some tights as a shirt. i bought the beige color one and it's a little see through. would def need to wear a slip on.i am 5'8 120 pounds and the xs fit perfectly.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the retailer store and fell in love with it. tried it on, and even though i was wearing jeans and desert boots, the dress looked terrific! it's great, can obviously be dressed up or down, a wonderful addition to my wardrobe! thanks retailer!	Dresses
I get more compliments on the stress. it is perfect for work, perfect for summer night concert, perfect date night. love this dress!	Dresses
This is more of a sleep shirt. the fabric is too thin and see through. a camisole would not look good under it.will be returning it.	Knits
I tried this on in the store, but almost didn't because i thought it would look like a sack. the dress looks so good. it fits nicely in the shoulders which gives structure and then the rest of the dress is roomy, but no so much it looks stupid. im 5'5" and it hit above my knees by an inch or two.	Dresses
Super soft, light fabric. this dress is perfect for work or the weekends. this brand is new to me but i'll definitely be checking out their stuff more in the future.	Dresses
The fabric wrinkles so easily and any slight moisture or liquid immediately turns into a dark spot on the blue grey...condensation drips from a glass, gel deodorant, etc. i tried the cream but it's very sheer. i had to return this dress-- not practical!	Dresses
Love the soft fabric and easy fit of this dress. i'm pleased that it does give a hint of one's figure and doesn't just hang like a sack. i found the blue to be most flattering and was playing with styling at home and found that the wider retailer "tabby" leather belt gave it a whole new look.	Dresses
I went into the store to buy this in white after seeing it on the website. i ended up with the blue/gray color. the white was completely see thru. could have worked as a swim cover- but not at this price for me. the blue on the other hand is fine. the fabric is soft and hangs nicely. you can definitely dress it up with some booties and a belt, or keep it laid back with flip flops. i'm sure i'll wear this a bunch this summer. the color is versatile enough that i will pair with leggings and boots	Dresses
The dress has some cute features. the little belt motif hits too high on me and the drop waist is a little awkward. but it is comfortable and looks best with some kind of shirt worn underneath	Dresses
Cute dress...but akward fit. sleeves are a bit sung but the rest of the dress is a little large for its size.	Dresses
I'm a maeve fan and i really like the design, fabric and details of this dress. unfortunately, the skirt flares out too much and ends in an odd area on my legs. i'm not sure why the silhouette doesn't drape on me as it does on the model. it's like a cut-off a-line flare. have to agree that this dress runs large. i usually wear a m, ordered the s and it's still too big.	Dresses
The fabric is very thin. i have seen this comment on several sundry reviews, but its hard to imagine how thin the fabric is until you see it in person. i could put a cami under it - but it was also rather short on me. i don't usually have trouble with shirts running short and can even sometimes wear petite sizes since i am only 5'4".	Knits
I have a dress very like this from retailer's fall line. i love it, so i decided to try this one. the fabric is thinner than the other dress, which is good for spring, but it also seemed not such a great quality. i also didn't care for the texture. if this doesn't bother you, the pattern is very cute and the style is flattering. it is cute with a blazer.	Dresses
I just got this dress in the beige color and i absolutely love it. the fit is perfect and i feel that it is just the right length. i got a small and i am 5'9''. the pockets are a great touch and really are the key for tunic style dresses for me. i love the soft material and could live in this dress. such a great staple for my closet!	Dresses
I was really hoping this dress would work because it looks adorable on the model. i ordered my usual size 0 but when i put it on the cross part in the front was way too high on my neck and was super uncomfortable. i also had a lot of room in the back of the dress so it wasn't as form fitting as i would have liked. i ended up returning this dress.	Dresses
This is not your basic white tee. the ruffle and seam down the front add visual interest. cute alone or paired with a sweater and statement necklace.	Knits
This dress is really stunning - can be dressed up or down with a jean jacket really easily. runs quite a bit small in the bust (i ordered a 16 to accommodate) but it is really very pretty. i love this brand- they always have such lovely pieces.	Dresses
I'm a big fan of left of center as a brand, and this top is definitely a winner! the deep green is gorgeous and looks fantastic with denim. the shirt is true to size and is flatteringly loose without looking too tent-like. highly recommend!	Knits
This dress is gorgeous! i absolutely love the embroidery. a note about the sizing- while the top portion fits snugly, the hip section runs slightly big. i was surprised to find that the 4 i ordered looked baggy, so i went into the store to try a 2, but the 0 was the best fit! however i'm small-chested (and 5'6" 113lbs), so i was able to go with the 0 as it fit the hips much better. if you're a bustier type though, the top may be tight. other than the tricky sizing, it's perfect.	Dresses
Purchased this dress to wear to new orleans in may...perfect with sandals for casual and dinner. so sad that it was not as i had hoped. the fabric is a bit heavy, and the sleeves are very tight (i have thin arms). the color is a bit "off," as the background color is a gray, which doesn't flatter the yellow design. i purchased the large, as this size usually fits me with a bit of flow, but it was very tight all around, especially around the bust area. going to have to return this...	Dresses
Bought this dress for an indian wedding- it was perfect!	Dresses
I have looked at this dress a dozen times online and passed. after reading other reviews felt compelled to see why everyone is in love with this dress. when i opened the box i was blown away. this dress is so beautiful and the crystals, which look like sequence online are high quality, as is the fabric and craftsmanship.a perfect 10!!!!!!!!!!!!you must have this dress in your closet!!!!!!!ordered my usual size and fits perfect.	Dresses
This dress is unusual. it can be dressed up with wedges and dressed down with cool sneakers. if you have any under arm excess fat it will show...but you can hide it with a cropped cardigan. i am 5' 1", 105 pounds, lean athletic frame with a 32b bust and it fit well and snug.i bought an xxs. i am relatively lean under the under arm but this dress does show any flaw in this area and it does not look good. minus point. super cute and made well. i wear it with a cardigan.	Dresses
Even though this is an online exclusive, i was able to try on a one off in the store. i have been looking for a cross front dress and the other option currently at retailer (the black and white striped top version) in a similar length) looked awkward. this dress looks great on but i needed the xs. i usually wear a 2. it was cute and i came online to see if the xs was available but it is sold out. the dress would be perfect if it had pockets!	Dresses
Pictures do not do justice to this beautiful piece of art. the embroidery and jewel detail is exquisite. just don't plan on holding any kids or pets, you won't want to snag it or them.	Dresses
The details and colors are exquisite. stop hesitating and get this dress	Dresses
Absolutely adore this dress and plan onwearing it to a wedding. it is so well made and luxurious, i feel amazing in it! even more gorgeous in person	Dresses
I love this t-shirt - the moss green color is just what i wanted, cute fit and true to size. purchased the medium b/c i like t-shirts to be a little loose.	Knits
I was quite surprised to find the background color of this dress was grey,not the stone/linen that i was expecting. it still works beautifully against the citrus. fits true to size; the 3/4 sleeves are slightly narrow around the forearm but not tight. i'm 5'4, fairly slim, 132 and i'm in the process of exchanging the petite m for a regular medium as it was just a bit too short for me. i'm very short waisted/long legs, so the straight design is perfect for eliminating the issue. i also found no p	Dresses
The fit is a bit loose in the body (more than you can tell on the model) - more like a true swing style top. i feel the arms are a good fit, but i ordered one size up from my normal since i'm planning to wear this as a maternity top. arms are definitely a size smaller than the body. the ruffles at the bottom are a bit odd, but overall i still like it. the cutout notch at the collar is super cute! plus, the green color of this top is lovely and i love that it's made in the usa so i'll be keeping	Knits
This is a truly beautiful dress, and yes, so much better in person. upon examining the dress, however, i saw some problems. the embroidery above the waistline was loose in places, there were some frayed ends, and even some &#39;fuzzy&#39; spots where it looked like the stitching had rubbed against something. the dress is over $250, and for that price i expect the embroidery to be top-notch. returning and hope the replacement is in better shape. if so, it will be a keeper!	Dresses
This top fits a bit trimmer than the summer version of this top did. the lavender color is muted and a nice fall transition color.	Knits
I ordered my usually size, xs, and it's just so wide and unflattering. looks like i'm wearing a tent. i don't understand why tops anymore are either huge or skin tight. why not something in between?! the pink color is really pretty and the details are nice but it's just blah in terms of the fit.	Knits
I love designs that are flowy/drapey in the front, so this hits the mark when tied in the back. has lots of visual interest. but i agree with the other reviewers.. the slip is super small. dress fits true to size, if not a bit large but the slip is one full size smaller. and you must wear a slip. overall, i'm pleased with the look.	Dresses
This dress did end up working out for me. however i am very narrow in my chest and shoulders and i can see how it would be too tight on anyone with a med-lrg chest and/or broad shoulders. the fabric is light weight, nice for summer. it will need to be ironed and will wrinkle easily but it still looks well made to me. the slip is smaller than the dress but i feel that the dress is supposed to be "drapey". i kept it.	Dresses
This dress is perfect for my florida lifestyle because of the fabric and the design. it is not the color pictured on the web page which was a disappointment. the color is a lot duller. i tried it on in the store and found it to be tight across the chest, another lady who also tried it had the same problem. i went home and ordered a larger size. that dress was baggy and not as cute in the back. i realized because of the under slip it could be left open to the waist and work just fine. i ended up	Dresses
The navy blue lines on my dress on the very top of the interior layer can be seen through the upper layer at the very top and it looks cheap. for this price, i would expect more thoughtful patterning. the fit is amazing, so i am debating whether i should keep or return.	Dresses
This dress has a unique watercolor-like pattern and design and is silk, but as another reviewer mentioned it is unlined so you probably would want to add your own slip. the side slits come up high, almost to the hip. i am 5'1" and bought the petite xs and it comes all the way down to my toes if i don't wear a belt. if i belt it, the length is more like one would expect from a maxi dress. i am a little puzzled as to where i would wear this because the length and fancy sleeves make it seem more fo	Dresses
I was able to grab two of these in grey and navy during one of their awesome sales. it doesn't look like much on the hanger, but it's lovely on the body.____________pros:- lots of stretch.- comfortable and roomy without looking frumpy.- lovely color and texture.- can size up or down depending on how you want it to look.- minimizes bust size nicely.____________cons:- if you have curves like me, it won't be as roomy as the model, unless you size up. i actually bought a size down and it b	Knits
I ordered this in xs and it fits loosely (i am 5'3" and about 120 lbs). this looks great with skinny jeans or leggings and shows off the long necklaces that are in style right now. the chiffon doesn't lie perfectly along the side seam, but i'm sure only i notice.	Knits
Living in florida, i thought the design of this sweatshirt was to die for. i was so pleased with the quality when i received the top; however i was nervous to see that it recommended washing before wearing due to the dying process. i washed cold gentle cycle and tumble dried low. turned out perfect and did not shrink! it's adorable. plan to wear it with white denim shorts. i ordered a size 1 and i normally wear a size small.	Knits
Hack: wrap the sash around waist twice and tie in back!! agreed with other reviewers it is a bit sack like when the sash tied in front as seen on model. but wrap twice, and it makes the silhouette pop. fabric is rediculously lush, and pattern is very sophisticated. stunning dress, will be wearing all summer -- with flats for work, with heels for evening. oop, my usual size, fits perfectly (5'4, 110 lbs).	Dresses
This immediately caught my eye in the neutral pattern, and the fabric is actually quite nice. the fit is at least a size or two too large though, with the bust being way too large for me even sizing down. my normal 4 was big everywhere, and the 2 was still big in the chest, but fit everywhere else. the belt is handy for cinching in some of the loose areas, but the top section just didn't work for me. maybe better for someone better endowed?	Dresses
I was on the fence about this dress because even on the model, it's a little bit frumpy, but it was so pretty that i tried it. however, on my short frame, it's even frumpier. the quality is very good, the fabric is soft and it's lined. the pattern is really pretty and delicate and i wish it was more flattering. i think the only way this dress will look good is if you are quite tall and thin. i am 5'4", 110 lbs with large-ish hips and i ordered a 2p, but even the petite was too saggy. i needed a	Dresses
Love this! only wish it wasn't so seasonal so i could wear it more often. this is the softest shirt in my wardrobe. can't believe how nice it feels on. a little bit slouchy and over-sized. i usually wear a m and bought a m and it feels perfect. like the other reviewer, i was a bit worried about shrinkage but washed it in cold and hung it up and and it cam out fine. did wash first before i wore because the dye smelled a bit strong.	Knits
This dress is easy and attractive. it's very soft and just slips on, but looks very put together. on my shorter frame, it's a bit long, more midi length, but it's so comfortable and pretty, that i'm fine with it; it looks a little bit 20's that way. recommended.	Dresses
I tried the b&w one in the store. liked the look and feel of it. fabric is soft and comfortable. for reference, i'm 5'4" and 115 lbs. this dress runs large. size 0 was too big on me - armhole, waist, length, etc. i'm ordering 0p online, hoping it will fit better. not a huge fan of the black belt, otherwise very happy with the dress.	Dresses
This dress is very soft and ultra comfortable. i got a size 10 and probably could have gotten away with an 8 but due to being busty on top stuck with the 10. i love the length ,even though i got the regular and not the petite.	Dresses
I ordered a sp which is normally the size i wear from retailer i'm 5ft and 129lbs. and there is so much extra material on the bottom part of the dress. it would make a beautiful summer dress if it was at least 2inches narrower on the bottom. unfortunately they are out of the xsp which would be perfect. still contemplating whether to keep or return.	Dresses
I sized down in this dress from a 6 to a 4 (32d-31-38). the 6 was too blousy in the bust and it did feel "sack-like". i sized down and suddenly it looked great--fitted enough through the bust and hips. be warned--this dress has to be pulled over your head. the fit in the bust will determine a lot. i am tall--almost 5' 9" and the length was great--similar to the model in the photo. the cream and black print is gorgeous.	Dresses
I just bought this dress yesterday in the store and love it. i'm 5'1", 110#, 34b and purchased the 0p, which fits perfectly.it's made of a cool material and is lined which adds to the quality of the dress. i love the neutral print and the square v-neck makes it a little different than just an average dress. this dress can be dressed up or down, depending on accessories. it also makes a great work dress if you add a little cardigan or blazer. very versatile and a great buy, especially a the s	Dresses
This dress looks better in person. the shape is pretty much straight, but fits nicely even if you are curvier. it doesn't show your imperfections. the type blue and white color is nice, but a bit see through on the bottom and the slip is a little short. came to about mid thigh for me so i would wear leggings underneath. i don't think a belt would look good with this because of the shape and if you have curves. very cool summer style.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress. i am not comfortable wearing dresses much above the knee and i liked the length and the way this looks on the model. however, in person this dress is cut like a sack. it is not tapered at all in the waist and there is just too much fabric when you cinch the belt, at least on me. it was oddly shapeless, even with the belt. it seemed a size too large. i ordered the xxsp. for reference i am 5'1" and 107 lbs. i ordered the neutral dress and i really like the fabric and c	Dresses
This dress (i ordered the ivory) is stunning. it is fully lined, the belt adds a needed accent, and the print on the fabric is gorgeous. the fit, though, is another issue. i typically wear a 2-4 depending on the cut and fabric of dresses, and am pretty proportionate with my hips/bust. i ordered a 2 in this dress. it was enormous on the top and painfully tight on my hips and thighs. the fabric has absolutely no give - it needs to drape perfect or it looks awful. if you have any type of hip, thigh	Dresses
I love the cut of this dress, and i'm rather short. i don't think you need to be tall. it's a nice, light fabric that will work well for warm weather. it did wrinkle quite a bit during the day, but never looked messy. i certainly wouldn't describe it as frumpy. it has a nice, loose, 1920s feel, and you can tighten the belt to make it more fitted through the waist. the belt is sewn on in the back, so you can't take it off without quite a bit of tailoring. i had no trouble with the bust being too	Dresses
Love this dress. wear it with sneakers or boots. can add a belt, or the right accessories to dress it up.	Dresses
In the on-line picture this lightweight sweatshirt looked so inviting that i decided to order it. when it arrived, i could not believe how soft and comfortable it felt! it was equally comfortable on. the rayon, tencel and cotton content of the fabric created such a comfy feel, that this top is sure to be a favorite for a relaxing week-end or evening. i ordered the size 3 even though i usually order a small in most tops. this one seems to lend itself to the oversized look, and i was right about t	Knits
This is such an easy dress to wear and it looks very polished! it is not a "cheap polyester" fabric as one reviewer wrote. it is a rayon and nylon blend. it does wrinkle easily. i love that the belt is actually sewn into the dress at the back. i don't typically gravitate toward warm color palette, but the burnt orange color is really lovely. it can be dressed up or down very easily. and it has pockets! i typically wear xs in retailer brands, and the size 0 fit me well.	Dresses
The material is soft and the pattern is pretty, but it fits like a sack. it's too bad that this wasn't more form-fitting, with some stretch and a zipper, because its fit is just not beautiful. for tall, very slender ladies, this will be pretty, as it is in the photo. it fit me just fine (with a little extra room on top), but it went right back into the bag without a thought.	Dresses
My personal opinion is that i am not a fan of this top, the material of the fabric doesn't seem as nice as delettas other tops and it had a really boxy fit on me. i wanted to love this top but i did not.	Knits
Cute and comfy. seems to fit true to size. flattering and roomy on top for my 34ddd shape, but doesn't make me look pregnant or fat overall, which sometimes happens without a waist to define shape. super cute!	Dresses
Overall, the dress is beautiful, easy, and great quality. but the bottom part has more fabric than it appears in the photo, if that makes sense. it's not poofy or super-layered, but i had to pinch fabric on a part of the dress in order for it to have that more straight/shift shape that you see online here. besides that bottom part, the fit is true to size. but as a petit, the extra fabric isn't what i'm looking for.i think it works depending on what you're looking for. beautiful though!	Dresses
First of all, this top runs big. i'm 5'5" 120 and there was still plenty of room to spare in an extra small. this is a cute top but i returned it because it was too stiff and boxy for me. the fabric is thicker than your average tee, and there's not much give, so it may not hang well on all body types. i might revisit it if it goes on sale because i like the design with the small details at the sides but this was an easy pass for me at the regular price.	Knits
Love this top! so soft, fits perfect.	Knits
This dress is absolutely adorable. runs true to size, i am five foot nine and a medium fit perfect. the denim has a lot of stretch. i can't wait to wear it in the winter with tights and boots! don't wait too long before this one sells out.	Dresses
This dress is adorable. the color is on the red orange side and is nice for the summer. the cotton is also nice and light. however, the bust is cut short and the skirt is unforgiving to girls with hips. if you have b/c cup or less and do not have an hour glass figure then this dress may be for you.	Dresses
I ordered not one but two sizes of this dress to try on and was hoping to ultimately wear to an event - one 00 petite, one 00. the style, color and cut are all perfect. one not so minor downfall, however. the zippers on both dresses were faulty - they both broke in the same spot, both during the first time just trying them on. i can't get either of them to even budge now - will either need to take back or get fixed. very sad about this.	Dresses
Love the way this dress looks online. sadly, it doesn't look great on me. i'm 5'4", athletic build. the small fit perfectly, but the extra fabric in the hip/pocket area just seemed to drag me down. i really wished this worked for me, but i think you've gotta be a little bit taller to pull this one off.	Dresses
I was looking for a dress for an upcoming interview. this fit the bill. when i took it out of the packaging i was worried it would be boxy, but it hit in all the right places. it was loose enough allowing for movement, but accentuated my waist. it hangs to just above my knee in an xl (i typically wear a 14-16). i was very impressed with the material. it feels very soft and luxurious.	Dresses
I purchased this in-store in a vivid red color, but didn't try it on until i got home. big mistake! literally the first time i tried to zip the dress, the cheap, horrible zipper noted in previous reviews just...broke. midway up, right under the waist tie. i was trapped in the dress for a good 15 minutes and was scared i'd have to rip or cut the fabric to get out of it; eventually i pulled the zipper apart to escape. can't wait to return this asap.	Dresses
I like the edge of this dress and it balances my narrower hips well. i'm usually between 0p and 00p in retailer dresses and xxsp definitely fit better on my 5'1" frame (armpits and knee-length where it should be)love that it's machine washable and unusual. super soft and beautiful color even though i normally gravitate to cooler colors.bring it on everleigh!	Dresses
I love the bright red color and also the texture of fabric. it's light, soft and crisp, which is perfect for summer days. the dress is definitely designed for people with a short torso. the waste line is a bit high for me, but overall it didn't feel weird or look funny. there is just something about this dress that made me very difficult to part with. once i tried it on, i had to bring it home with me!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful! the concept looked really striking online and it really delivered in person. the material is a good weight for winter but soft and really quite luxurious. the collar is subtle and adds a lot of elegance.there's not a lot of stretch though. i'm 5'5", 130lbs, and usually btw xs, xsp, s, and sp and will probably go with the s on this one. you have to try this on!	Dresses
I was a little worried this top wouldn't look quite as nice as it does online due to the price, but it is super cute in person too. tank underneath is attached but does not get in the way. great top! cannot wait to wear it!	Knits
The cut and color of the dress is awesome. however, the biggest flaw is the zipper. i only got to wear this dress once until the zipper broke..sad day especially at the price. there also were a number of loose threads. i recommend waiting until it goes on sale. you'll want the extra money for a tailor to fix that zipper.	Dresses
Nice material, hits high waisted, mine was a return that was not repacked and was just balled in the bag and was so wrinkled that even if it looked good, you couldn't tell. very disappointed to have it arrive in that condition-so not typical of retailer.	Dresses
This shirt is adorable, love the lace detail on the sides, but way too boxy for me. it's a great lighter weight for spring, but it doesn't feel flimsy. sadly, there isn't any shape to help make this flattering. it will be returned.	Knits
I love maeve dresses and have always gotten a lot of wear out of them while still looking great. this dress does not meet those standards. on the 2nd wear of this dress the zipper completely broke. i had to take it to a dry cleaner to get replaced at a pricey cost for a pricey dress, i'm dissapointed.	Dresses
I love maeve dresses but there are several issues with this one (for my taste). 1) the fabric and color closely resembles my medical scrubs, 2) the zipper is cheap and barely goes up or down, even when it's just on the hanger. 3) the bow is really cute but doesn't make up for the other shortcomings.	Dresses
I purchased this online without seeing in person and was pleasantly surprised. i have purchased clothing made from netting with embroidered damask design in the past and found them to be stiff and scratchy, however, this is soft with some stretch that makes it very comfortable to wear. the fit in person is more form fitting than pictured and is quite flattering. another nice design element is while the shell appears to be see through, there is a built in strapless nude cami attached inside. over	Knits
This product has a terrible zipper that ultimately caused me to return the dress. it's pretty bad when it won't even zip up on the hanger. such a beautiful dress; it broke my heart!	Dresses
It's a perfectly cute simple summer dress, but the only reason i'm even considering keeping it is because it was a gift. the material is fine but for this price, i expect something more exciting than what is, really, just a modified t-shirt dress. at least more exciting colors or a print or something. the top piece is 2 full layers which could get warm in the summer, and the ribbing is tight enough that you have to wear a bra even if you're small-chested (i'm a 32b and super thin and still neede	Dresses
As you can see from all the reviews, this dress is such a classic piece. my two cents below:____________pros:- fits tts. i'm either a 10 or 12 in most clothes and bought the l and it fit really well on my 5'9. 36c bust and hourglass frame. it wasn't boxy at all and still left enough for movement and still held a nice shape to my frame without being clingy.- fabric is soft. it does seem a tad fuzzy, so just be careful what you wear. but the material overall is nice. i'm not sure how thick	Dresses
Tried it on in store and found it cute and comfortable, it might run a little big since i was expecting to fit into small but found the xs fit and looked better. i will consider when on sale. i felt that it was way over priced.however if money is no issue i would buy it.	Dresses
This is a beautiful top but the xs was literally 4-6 inches too wide. very disappointing! i am thin and tall but this was a maternity top on me. i don't usually wear xxs. it is much more voluminous than it appears in the picture and it is definitely gray and blue not white.	Knits
This dress looks better when wearing, i am 5.8 regular size s or 6. cup 34 d and fits perfect. length and width. in the front is shorter while the back has that pretty extra length. the video that is showing here is pretty much the full length. but in case you need to adjust you can shorten easily. i wish the slip is the same length as the dress. i want this dress for a wedding anniversary by the beach so i will need to add some extra fabric. i hope it helps.	Dresses
I love this dress because it is everything i have been looking for. it is flattering because of the details and it gives the illusion of an hourglass figure if you don't have one. i love that it has sleeves because sometimes i just don't feel like finding a shawl or bolero or whatever in case i get suddenly anxious about my arms. the green is dark and shimmering almost like lace over jewel tone emerald. love.	Dresses
I feel like this brand is very good at coming up with dresses that are flattering and i feel like they tend to fit my body well. i like the design of the dress a lot because it makes me feel like i am walking along with beach-it gets me in the mood for summer, and it is the perfect casual everyday dress for the summer. i love that the color scheme is understated which reinforces that this could be warn anywhere-even for everyday use. the strips are perfect for the look of this dress, and i don't	Dresses
I ordered this dress online in order to get a petite size and am very disappointed. as other reviewers have mentioned, the fabric overlay is very different in person than it appears in the online pictures. the dress is much more casual and looks cheaply made in person. as for sizing, i ordered the 2p based on other reviewers' comments about it running small. the 2p fit me fine, although it was very fitted in the chest and i am very small chested #32b#. i can definitely see that being an issue	Dresses
This tee is super comfortable. it feels and looks like a well worn favorite right off the rack. although it only comes in s-m-l sizes and i wear an xs ( 32a/b, 105 lbs) the small fits well. no gaping armhoes to worry about. the pics don't show that the tee does trapeze out somewhat but it is not to worry about. i purchased the reddish color which is a wonderful faded maroon shade. i will be getting the black one as well.	Knits
I love this shirt. it's different than other summer tops. it's pretty much as pictured in terms of color and size, and runs true to size. on a windy day the front will come open, but only to your stomach.	Knits
I just received this dress in petite extra small. for reference, i am 5"7 and 118 pounds. to answer the previous reviewer's question, the regular size of this dress runs long. if you want it to look like the one in the video, then order it in petite. i personally love the style and the material. however, the inside slip is very short with the petite given my height but this can be solved by adding a half slip underneath it.	Dresses
I'm just not sure about this top... it's very short. i'm short-waisted, and it could stand to be at least an inch longer in front for me. and as another reviewer pointed out, there's no closure in front. i can't imagine wearing it without a tank underneath... one good stiff breeze and everyone would get a peep show. it really seems more like a vest than a shirt. it's cute enough with a tank underneath, but that sort of defeats the purpose of an easy summer top... it's too hot for layers in the s	Knits
I normally don't write reviews for clothing but this dress warrants an exception.i am a little over six months pregnant and have a shotgun wedding at city hall in a couple of weeks. with a limited amount of time to plan, i bought a bunch of pregnant wedding dresses online and rented the runway, to arrive just before the actual ceremony. out of curiosity, i walked into retailer today to see if they had any white or ivory dresses that would look cute and city hall wedding-ish. they did! so i too	Dresses
I love all of these dresses, ordered the ivory in 00p on accident, meant to order 0p. was too small, but 0p would have fit. it is flattering, the pattern of lace is great, but i didn't like the color as much in person. i think i would like the blue better.	Dresses
This dress is made with stretchy cottony fabric, yet, very forgiving. it fits like a glove but doesn't show bulges. fit is perfect, i had originally purchased the white and grey, but the petite length is better. too bad as i do love me some red. oh well.	Dresses
5"5', 130, 32dd. i saw this dress online and thought it was beautiful, but considered not buying it because of other comments that the bust was too small for women with more curves. fortunately, the lovely blue dress was in my local retailer store and i decided to try it on in a size 4. i think the dress fits perfectly and i have gotten many compliments, including from random strangers. i have had no problem with a tight zipper or a low back, which is perfectly able to cover my bra in the back. th	Dresses
I ordered this dress in the blue color. it is lovely in person - but the petite seemed to run smaller than most petite dresses i buy from retailer. i ordered a 2p - and it was tight in the bust on me. i imagine a 4p would be perfect. i am 117 5'3 34b.	Dresses
Online this dress caught my eye but the reviews seemed to indicate there was something weird with the length so i did not want to order it online and have to send it back etc...because i am 5'5" and did not know weather to get the petite or the regular! my local store had it and i bought a regular small and it is not too long. it comes just to the ground in the back like any other maxi. it is super comfortable and gorgeous! i am not sure where i am going in it yet....but it was just too pretty o	Dresses
The fitted top and flared skirt are really nice on this piece. i am 5'6" 125lb and i took a 6. a 4 might have been ok, but i felt more comfortable in the 6, and it had a really nice fit.the quality is good, but there were some areas that were starting to pull and the floral details come a little frayed around the cutout edges, so i'm not sure how it will wear.	Dresses
The length of this dress is bizarre. i can't decide if it's supposed to lay on the floor or not touch it at all - i'm not sure if i like it either way. also- at this price point, i would have hoped to have the included under layer to not be so transparent. if you buy this dress, be prepared to invest in a slip and then have the slip tailored to match the high low hem line so that people cannot see your underwear. the netting and details in this dress are beautiful but delicate- the one i pur	Dresses
I specifically bought this dress for my bridal shower and loved it! i'm small on top and have hips that don't lie. i purchased the size 2 petite. the waist portion of the dress came up a little higher which was ok since it fell at a small part of my waist. the length was just above my knee, which i prefer. the dress has a nude lining which compliments my tan skin tone. i wore a regular nude bra that didn't show beneath the liner. i received many compliments and would highly recommend it. the	Dresses
I feel in love with the dress when i saw it hanging at the store. usually, i feel bailey 44 dresses make my body look really round and short. i've passed up a few because i didn't find them too flattering. i almost even just passed this one up because of my past experiences, but i tried it on and felt like i had the body of another person! it hugged my body very nicely and i felt like it gave me a shape! i also saw all the possibilities it had. the store had it styled with a denim jacket. i can	Dresses
This dress was as pretty in real life as the picture. flattering also. unfortunately it is definitely not appropriate for office work. even though it appears so in the picture, the back is very low cut and there is no way not for bra to show (unless you don't need one) also it was much tighter on top than the model picture, even though the rest fit perfectly.	Dresses
So i haven't actually tried this and i'm sorry for the misleading star rating. i just wanted to get someone's attention on the length. the photos show the dress draping with almost a train even with the model in platform heels but in the video, the dress is about 2 inches off the floor. is it the model in the video that is extra tall? someone help me out. this looks gorgeous but since it's an online exclusive, i won't be able to try it on at the store.	Dresses
I find it very difficult to find office friendly yet unique designs and feel this one fits the bill and also has the ability to be dressed up for the evening. i am "curvy on bottom" so i sized up from my normal retailer 4 to a 6 and surprisingly the dress fit my hips just fine. i'm 5'8" 140 about 36-27-36 if it helps as i know it's hard to determine sometimes if this style will fit a more curvy figure...my advice is to go up a size if you are. the fabric i found true to the photo and the emerald i	Dresses
This dress is stunning, no doubt - a shimmering forest green under a black teardrop motif, thick material, nicely cut, with pocket panels that are forgiving to a belly. however, the fact that this dress has zero stretch (which is fine, if that's what you're looking for), coupled with what is quite possibly the cheapest zipper ever manufactured, make this dress exhausting to put on. i'm normally a 14/16 at retailer, and i ordered the 16 just to be safe, and the waist is exactly the size of my waist	Dresses
I've been looking for a dress to wear to wedding this summer, and this is it. the blue color is lovely and the lace overlay is feminine and pretty. i'm small busted (34aa) with an athletic lower body (think, 120-lb marathoner), and the flare of this dress is perfect. i ordered this in a 0 and a 0 petite. the petite size looked little-girl short; the regular size hit just at my knee and was much more sophisticated. the waistband also fell at a more flattering place in the regular dress. i'm on th	Dresses
I ordered this dress to possibly wear to my wedding rehearsal dinner. i an adding this review to give some guidance on sizing. i am size 34a and own two other dresses by this designer in size 2. for this dress, however, i had to size up to a 4 in order to close the side zip. i'm 5'7" and the dress hit me just above the knee. (in my opinion, it would have been more elegant if it was a little longer.) the color combo with the taupe and off white is unique, but wasn't particularly flattering on my	Dresses
I love this dress's gentle blue lace. the silhouette is just as seen in the pictures. i found the dress tight in the chest and had to size up one size (6 to 8).	Dresses
The dress looks even better in person. the fabric is very delicate though but worth the extra care it needs. the fit was perfect and the color is just as in the picture.	Dresses
Top opens in the middle right in front. should have some sort of closure inside to prevent this top from flying open will return	Knits
The dress at first glance is pretty, feminine, and a timeless shape. sadly the quality just isn't there. i ordered online and was excited trying it on (dress fit true to size for me, all be it a little snug in the chest). the zipper is super cheap, hard to get up or down on or off the hanger. the appliqus are sewn onto a super flimsy netting, already coming detached without even having worn it. i could see this dress catching on "everything" and tearing easily. given the quality i'm return	Dresses
Very pretty dress! wearing it for a family beach portrait. it may run a little big but not terribly. it is also not super long as pictured. i'm 5'6 and it's perfect with a flat.	Dresses
This one is a beauty! my store is not carrying the white - they had a lovely blue (periwinkle-ish) that immediately caught my eye. the ivory model shot makes the details of the lace and top layer really pop - more so than the blue variety but both are stunning. the details and layers on this dress are lovely and intricate without feeling overly delicate. quality most definitely in line with the price. fit: 130lbs/34c/5'6" high waist. i'm a 4 or 6 at retailer depending on the brand. in most mou	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress, but it has too many flaws. first, the "waistband" falls right under the bust and the skirt flares out from there. not a flattering silhouette.. second, the fabric is a sickly yellow-beige netting that looks like burlap. third, i can't imagine what kind of bra you can wear under it. on the plus side, the fabric isn't scratchy.	Dresses
I'm 5'6", 34b/32c, apprx 125#, & lift weights so i have bigger/muscular lats, back, arms. my lower half i wear sz 25 mother, ag, or 7 mankind jeans, but upper is more med (4-6 sz). hips apprx 35", waist 28". my tops: i don't like things tight. i ordered medium, top fits perfect, but waist/hips i have take in as more like a rigid/stiff, gunny sax cottony type fabric, not super light chiffon as photos appear. the under lining super short in front and top of calf in back, but lining follows the she	Dresses
In the photo, this looks like a heavy knit top, but it's not. the fabric is very light, thin, and soft. it's like a knit nightgown material. i said this runs big b ecause i'm normally a size xl and i can wear this. it actually fits me a little less flowy than on the model and i think looks better. so, to me, you can size down if you want this not to have so much flowing fabric.the front criss-crosses over and it will stay together at the top area with movement. the two fabric pieces sort of	Knits
This dress is so short! i double checked to make sure i didn't get a petite by mistake. i'm 5'10 and ordered an extra small because of the deep v neck. it fit well on top, but you could see my underwear in the front. seriously, i dont even think miley cirus would wear it that short. the lace was really beautiful so i was disappointed that it didn't work out.	Dresses
Really cute dress. i bought the white. i am usually a size 2 in retailer dresses but i could not even zip this! side zip was also slightly awkward. had to return, waiting for the 4.	Dresses
I bough this dress in blue and i cannot tell you the compliments and the looks i get on the street! no kidding! this is a beautiful dress which has a very feminine/romantic quality to it. i bought size 4 and it sits perfectly on my waist i completely fell in love with that dress and especially with the lace work and the design. this is a classic piece, that is always going to be timeless in my opinion. no regret at all to have bought it!	Dresses
I wanted to love this top -- looks so comfy and cute. but hangs like a bag. going back!	Knits
I knew the ivory color was online only so i tried the blue one for size and i couldn't believe how nice the blue one is. i ended up buying it. i purchased a size bigger because mine wasn't available but because of lace and side zip, it still doesn't look huge. if i find my size in another store i can always exchange, but i couldn't leave the dress behind.	Dresses
I am a short frame with broad shoulders and a large chest which means peplum tops typically look horribly unflattering on my frame. not this top! the cut is very flattering due to the lower peplum. not too much fabric to add to the waistline, truly a perfect fit. if this top came in any other colors, i would buy them all.	Knits
I love everything bordeaux so when i saw this one i knew i needed to try it and it's my favorite top from this brand ever. i hope they keep the style and offer it in all of the colors going forward. it's a very flattering style for anyone - accentuates shape without being tight or clingy and the stripes are lovely. also the material is so soft. i have not washed it yet so i hope it stands up to wash and wear well. overall this is an amazing top. it runs slightly large. i'm usually an xs in tops	Knits
I love this dress, but i am 5'7" and a size 12, so am a bit curvy. this dress was great on the bottom, but the way that he did the top of it made me look even more busty than i am. i returned it for that reason. however, if he would make that "skirt" as a stand alone, i would buy in a second.	Dresses
It was love at first sight when i saw this dress online. the color, cut and delicate details are perfectly balanced with a moderately sexy neckline! ladylike with a little attitude. the fabric is gorgeous and is a stunning shade of midnight blue. this dress is perfect for a summer beach party or to attend a wedding. cut is extremely flattering, and the halter tie top allows for adjustment for a perfect fit. i just received it today, and it is a must have for any closet. tried it on with a be	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress with so many interesting textures and colors. it is form-fitting yet modest enough to wear for so many occasions - i plan to wear it for my son's graduation, but i think there are many potential uses for this dress. be aware that, like many byron lars sheath dresses, the bottom part is very tight- makes it hard to fit for more pear-shaped people. the top is a tad loose on me while the bottom is quite snug. however if i go up or down a size it will be too big on top or t	Dresses
Could not let it pass at a sale price. got the 0p and its a bit snug on the waist (25 waist, 34a, 102lbs) otherwise its perfect. will keep the size. dress hits me just above knee like in the picture. its beautiful in person. the details, the quality, the flattering fit...perfect	Dresses
Love, love, love this top. i want to wear it every day! not only is it striped, which is super chic, but also, the peplum hits lower so it really accentuates your waistline (in a good way!). plus, its soft, like so many wonderul bordeaux tops are. i wish they had this is solid colors because i'd buy them all. for reference, i bounce between an xs and s at retailer, more along the lines of s...and i got the xs in this and it still has room (5'7, 135 lbs, 34a/b chest).	Knits
I always chuckle when i see this dress because it looks so busy and so crazy with all the mixed prints, i think it's a lot of fun. not so fun to put on, but it's worth the trouble. i swear my shoulders are sore after manipulating this on myself. i also own the mona dress in 8p, but i had to size down to a 6 for the melodist because the hips were not fitted enough and the back bloused out too much.	Dresses
Really like this shirt. easy to throw on with jeans (black if you don't like the denim on denim). flattering without making you look boxy. arms are roomy too, unlike the what the picture shows.	Knits
This swing tee is amazing! i bought the blue one and the color is true to what it looks like online. the material is so soft and cozy. i am typically an xs and bought an xs, however it runs ever so slightly big. if i had purchased the xxs, it seems like the arms would have been to tight and i'm definitely not a fan of that. whatever the case, i highly recommend this tshirt and love its versatility and that i can wear this all year long.	Knits
Love this top!! i bought it for school and im dying to wear it. i could see how other people could dislike it bc of the loose frame, but if you like flowy shirts this top is for you! i like how the shirt is made of a really soft and sturdy cotton and the top part is more fitted so the fabric doesnt completely drown you out. also, this top looks super cute paired w/ a bralette and espadrilles!	Knits
I bought this in red and wear it a lot. it is so soft and comfortable! i love all the fabric and the design. the longer sleeve length is amazing! it is a perfect tee! you can tell from the pics there's a lot a fabric and it's supposed to be loose and drape like that. it fits like in the pics and is true to size. wear a tank underneath in case there's a strong wind.	Knits
I am a sucker for a good swing top. i own many styles from retailer and similar retailers. i carry my weight in my stomach butt and hips, so this style is always good for me. as soon as i saw this online i fell hard and waited patiently for it to arrive at my store. finally it did! i love this top. its very swingy. almost cut like a circle so there is tons of room in the body. the sleeve is more fitted, but my arms are larger so it might just be fitted for me. there is a bit of stretch to it. the	Knits
I get that it's a swing style top and supposed to be loose but it looked so much bigger on me than on the model and just not flattering at all.	Knits
This is the second top i have purchased in this design, the first being in the navy blue color. i loved the effortless swing of this shirt and the comfortable cotton texture, that i chose to purchase it in wine and have since received many compliments on both the shape and color. this is an easy top for me to put on and feel good within.	Knits
Love this top. yes it is a swing top so you have to be prepared for the extra fabric. fits true to size thru the shoulders and chest. body of the top then flares for the "swing" effect. great top. plan on ordering it in the other colors.	Knits
If you're pregnant, congratulations. this shirt is for you. if you've ever dreamed of being an xxs, this shirt is also for you. i'm a 34d, normally a small or medium, but often size down to xs in swing tops. the xs is ginormous on me, although it fits through the shoulders. i can hold onto the bottom and stretch my arms straight out at the sides, it's that wide. think flying squirrel. what doesn't show in the pictures is that it also has a slight dolman sleeve, which makes it look wide at the to	Knits
Didn't like the dress. look pregnant in it. this dress is going back.	Dresses
I ordered my regular size l in black. i loved the fabric and finish on the neckline. i feel that in order to have the loose look as on the model, i would have to size up to xl. i might reorder it in xl, but really, it is a hassle and will most likely wait until another free shipping promotion.runs a bit short in my opinion too. maybe the larger size will have a bit more length.	Knits
The first day i wore this dress to work i was amazed by how many people commented on it! i knew i liked it but apparently so does everyone else!	Dresses
This is the perfect cool day, cozy, teacher sort of sweater or if you're having a mr rogers sort of day. the material is soft and comfortable and the color is just as it appears in the photo. looks great with a button down shirt underneath.	Knits
I was stoked to get this dress, and it is truly beautiful, but the fit is so awful. it was like being swallowed up by a bag. i ordered my usual size 6; i'm 5'7" 140 lbs, and a bra size 34dd, but the dress just fell on me like a sack. i was so disappointed!! had to return.	Dresses
The fit of this top on me was much more boxy than on the model, maybe the fault of my fuller bust. my usual small definitely didn't reach my hips as it does hers, and appears wider. i'm not even sure the v is as deep! again, could be me. but i'm keeping the top because it is just so darn comfortable. as for not looking too top-heavy, ill just have to make it work.	Knits
I love this t-shirt. i fabric is soft yet has a nice weight to it. it is comfortable, yet sexy.	Knits
I like the red color and the border detail at the neckline. i'm not crazy about the way the zipper on the back is emphasized. i'd rather have a less visible zipper. overall it is a cute and comfortable dress. the fabric is soft and substantial and has a nice texture to it. the shape is basic so it can be dressed up or down.	Dresses
I bought this dress in the red option. was a little concerned when i read other reviews that said it looked like a maternity dress, but it didn't look like that on me at all. it falls nicely and fits me well - i am 5 ft, 107 lbs - in size xs. love the details at the neckline and hem. will be looking out for other dresses by maeve!	Dresses
There is so much i love about this dress. like many of the other reviewers i simply love the fabric. it's soft and comfy but has texture and interest at the same time. there's beautiful detail to it as well. the edging at the neckline and hemline are unfinished and beautifully so. having said all that, i like many other reviewers i just don't have the body type to pull it off. there wasn't one angle that didn't make me look even bigger than i am. the pleating in the front, while very cute, gave	Dresses
Very comfy with cotton and lots of stretch. can be dressed up or down. i wear it with blue denim jacket and also with cream cardi. 5'4" 135# and the small is perfect.	Dresses
I like this dress because it's the perfect shape on me and i think the design is modern and cute. i got the red and i really like the pattern and the subtle tulle edging. the material is a little stretchy and substantial and there's also a lining. i wore it with little booties like the model and tights and a cropped moto jacket and loved the outfit. i am short, small chest, but somewhat broad shouldered, the empire waist would not work on larger chested women with hourglass figures.	Dresses
I have been continually disappointed in retailer's clothing for the past year. i feel like their prices have soared and the quality has remained so-so, but dresses like these somehow make the cut. it does not make sense. since when did retailer exclusively market to older women? no, retailer's market has always been young adults. this dress is extremely matronly. although the bottom print is nice, the hot pink belt?? is completely mismatched and gaudy. i really hope retailer starts curating better dress	Dresses
Can't say enough about this cute dress....i bought it in red/ which is more of a burgundy, and paired it with a pair of over the knee burgundy boots. i can see wearing this in the spring, summer; heck, all year round! quality is nice and the gold zipper down the top of the back is a classy touch. don't pass this one up!	Dresses
Purchased this in the wine color and love it! the detail at the neck at the bottom hem gives it an extra flair. i went with a small so that it was more fitted. love that it is stylish and comfortable. paired with knee high boots given it length but could also work well with short boots, like the photo.	Dresses
I ordered this in black and in the print and i am super happy with both. the fabric is very soft. i've worn it with denim and khaki shorts as well as with a cute skirt for work. very versatile.	Knits
This dress was a disappointment. not black, but brown. and it was very oddly made, with a weird, seam right across the belly. on its way back...	Dresses
I had to keep rechecking the price tag on this one to be sure i saw it correctly. price aside though, it's really awesome. fit is flattering, stripes are cute, colors are nice, and you can wear it all summer long. if you can get over the dollar signs, it's a keeper!	Knits
I usually find maeve to run tts, but i sized down in this. i am normally a 6p and got an xs regular (to make the length more work-appropriate). i think a larger size emphasized the extra room at the front tucks - making it look a little maternity-like.it is very flattering on - drapes nicely. i got the cranberry color for the holidays and will wear in with wine tights and light taupe over the knee suede boots!	Dresses
Looks so beautiful.... on a hanger. does not really do anything on a person. beautiful beading but the dress on is very sack-like. i will be returning it	Dresses
The photos do not do this dress justice. i loved it as soon as i tried it on! it is good quality and the fabric is not too thin. definitely recommend!	Dresses
I love dolan dresses! the fabrics are always beautiful, and the colors are always unique. i usually wear an xs petite in dolan, but i ordered both the xs and the xs petite, and i think i'm going to keep the xs. i had a hard time deciding which to keep, but the xs petite was just a hair too short. i think this is a versatile dress for all seasons. you could pair it with tights in fall/winter, but it is great for spring/summer, too...	Dresses
I like dresses with sleeves as those are more appropriate for work for me. this dress is a smooth material and the asymmetrical bottom adds just a little extra something. i got it in my normal size and i do find it looser/not meant to be body hugging again making it work appropriate.	Dresses
I ordered a medium as the large in the store was a bit too big. i wore this dress to a casual dinner at the grill in the country club and felt so cute, but also comfortable. i think it is a flattering dress shape and fabric. looks just like pictured on your website.	Dresses
I really love this dress. the material has a lovely feel to the skin, silky. i typically wear a large (occasionally a medium). if i wanted this dress to look like the model it would be the large. i ended up going with a medium because i wanted to accentuate the smallest part of me (rib cage area). this made the black portion a tad snug around the bum, but it eased a bit with wear (but still tighter than model picture)size down if you want it snug, normal size for a looser, boxier fit. either w	Dresses
This dress by dolan is my go to favorite for work. it gives a polished look with a pair of booties.i purchased it in an xs. i'm 5'1 and c-d cup. fit me perfectly. i can't wait to team it up with a sweater for chillier fall days. you will get a ton of compliments with this dress. love, love , love.	Dresses
I immediatley bought this adorable dress after trying it on at my local retailer and absolutely love it! it fits tts for me in my regular size small (34d-27-35) and it's incredibly soft and comfortable to wear. the top portion is so great as it has nice short sleeves, the color is a nice deep, rich orange which looks great now in the summer but will look especially cute in the fall with tall boots and a light denim jacket plus the bottom half is cut in such an interesting way. the material is amaz	Dresses
I have been needing a perfect go-to white tee for layering purposes and this one met and exceeded my expectations. it's the perfect weight for year-round use, love that it's 3/4 sleeves (again great for year round), and the slight front v adds a nice special touch. fell in love with the first one i bought online, so ordered a second for backup. it's a winner (and great price)!	Knits
Very comfortable dress and cool for our hot summers. i ordered in my normal size medium. neckline is cut a little low, but not enough to change my mind on the purchase.	Dresses
This shirt ran small and was more sheer than i expected. had to send it back.	Knits
Like the idea of this longer tee/tunic to wear with leggings but i found it not flowly enough in my regular retailer size ( small). fit on top but not really on the bottom with the side slits. unflattering how the slits hit me. maybe for some one taller ( i am 5'3").	Knits
I loved this dress so much i got it in two colors. the colors match the picture online. it's very soft and will work for summer and fall.	Dresses
I love this dress! it's so comfortable and perfect for the summer fall transition. it fits true to size and isn't to boxy or tight. i love the colors as well!	Dresses
I bought this dress tonight and i love it! the fit is perfect and the color is perfect! the dress runs true to size, as all dolan products do. i ill wear this dress to an interview with tall heel boots. love this dress and think everyone should give it a try!	Dresses
I loved this dress so much i got it in 2 colors. i had to send it back twice to get the size right. i ended up with a medium. the fabric was pretty wrinkly on arrival. it is dryclean only. overall it is an easy and relaxed dress appropriate for work but still very cute.	Dresses
I can't believe how small this thing runs. beyond small. it's almost insulting because the dress is just so gorgeous you really want it to work, but there's no way it's going to when the l is actually a s. so sad to return this beauty.	Dresses
I'm in love ... with this super cute dress!!! the material feels so good on my skin and it has more 'body' than it appears on the pic ! i'm 5'2" 115 lbs - i bought the s petite and it's perfect for me - slightly loose - i could have probably fit in an xs but i like the freedom that the s gives me! it my official spring dress !	Dresses
Bought this in navy in the spring and this fall in green. i am 5'10" and 57 with very long legs and they are too short to be work appropriate as a dress, at least for me. i wear both with leggings, short boots and a variety of jackets and love them. they feel like butter against the skin and are incredible comfortable. recommend. for reference i'm about 157# and an athletic/straight build and bought m in the blue and l in the green. go figure.	Dresses
Spied this dress in my local retailer and figured i would try it on for overall fit before ordering the petite on line. for some reason retailer has eliminated in-store petite items (so disappointing). i was pleasantly surprised the xs regular fit well and was soon in my checkout pile. the dress is very soft although i suspect it will wrinkle when packed in a suitcase. the color blocking is great and makes this dress so versatile for spring, summer and fall. the xs regular fit my 5'1" 115 lb	Dresses
I love this dress so much i bought it in 2 colors, it's so soft and cozy, i want to live in it!	Dresses
As t-shirts go, this one has a flattering fit...shapely waist yet not so tight that unwanted curves show. i bought the striped one in my usual medium and it fits perfect now, so will have to be careful when washing. if it were available, i would have tried the large, so if you're a tad senitive about tight clothes i suggest upsizing. it's a nice weight fabric and the details around the v neck are great....the v dips just like the photo - approprialty sexy and age appropriate (i'm 62, 5'3" at 125	Knits
I love this tee. it has a very flattering fit and the fabric is very soft. it runs small, especially in the arms. i suggest sizing up. the tee looks great on. it is slimming and super comfortable.	Knits
I love this simple but stylish t shirt - the fabric is soft and it fits true to size and i knew i would love it even before it was delivered. i recommend it!!	Knits
This is such a lovely dress -- and it looks great on! like other customers, i like the petal hem and the top part, which is stretchy, is soft and not clingy. i think the only drawback is that the color isn't as rich a green as it looks in the pic. i've attached a pic for comparison and contrast purposes.i'll be wearing this way into the fall!	Dresses
This dress is great! the fit is perfect and very flattering. the two colors and asymmetrical hem on the front make it different than you average sundress. looks great with flip flops, sandals, wedges or booties. will be a great piece for summer but the darker colors also make it the perfect transition to fall dress.	Dresses
I'm a pretty solid 10 these days (and had no trouble fitting into other size 10 dresses at the store). the large was so tight around my hips. i barely got it on. they didn't have an xl to try on, but i can't imagine i would have fit in it. so, if you have wide hips, this is not the dress for you. it fit fine on top in the l, it was just so tight in the hips that it did not lay nicely.	Dresses
For the price, this top holds up. the colors make this top more interesting, but the white is rather plain and sheer. i tried on my usual size small and it fit well - 5'8", 135 lbs, 32d.	Knits
This dress is sort of a mixed-media dress. the top colored portion is a slinky knit that dolan uses all the time. i like it a lot. the bottom, is a tight silky twill-like weave. the silhouette is straight, which is what attracted me to it, but when i put it on, i realized that the waist wasn't going to work for me. the split came at a point too high for me to belt and the sleeves made my wide shoulders look dowdy. i am not a person that wants to put on a dress and have to style the heck out of i	Dresses
I love the color combo, look and feel to this dress. 5'4, 120lbs and the xs fits as pictured.	Dresses
It is the cutest detailed little white top. i recommend this because you can wear it anywhere and dress it up with a scarf.	Knits
This dress is just as it looks in the pictures. shapeless. the trick is to add some styling to it. add the pilcro dark denim jacket and the headwaters scarf, and your all set. i had on black seychelle loafers but would pair it with a black d'orsay flat. the top blue of the dress is a faded sun washed looking navy and it goes well with the black of the skirt. i usually wear a 4 in dresses and the xs in this dress fit well. i'm 5'3ish", 118#, 34d-dd. this is going to be a nice winter to spring dre	Dresses
Everything about this dress is perfect...the material, style, and fit. flattering and comfortable. i'm 5'9" and the length was just above the knee. you can dress it up or down. comfortable. i definitely recommend.	Dresses
I purchased this for my 20-something daughter. it is so complimentary and cute and stylish!	Knits
I ordered this dress in a 12 which is my usual size and it was tight around the waist and across the back. i am 5'7 170lbs, small chest but broader shoulders and back and curvy butt. this dress is beautiful quality and well made but was too snug. it was very long, to the point where i would only be able to wear heels. the belt is cheap looking, i would recommend replacing it with something nicer. the waist drops slightly below the natural waist and the top puckers over it in the front and back.	Dresses
This dress runs waaaay small. i would have too size up at least 2 sizes. while it is a beautiful color, it is an extremely stiff dress. returning!	Dresses
I saw the colorblock horizon dress in my local store (which sadly no longer carries petites) in the red/black color combination and loved it - the colorsblocking, the fabric, the length. after ordering a few petite sizes online the only xsp was the green/black. although not what i would normally where colorwise, i love this dress and the xsp is the only one that fits. this dress runs large and on a smaller frame, the sp looked shapeless and unattractive. perfect length and attractive v-neck that	Dresses
I am petite but chesty and this dress is flattering. it is a loose fit but not tight across the bust line. i tried it on with nude shoes and it dresses it up. i ended up buying this dress in a regular cut (s) because i wanted it to not be so short which made it look more like a casual dress to wear with the ocean behind you. i think it is a perfect day dress to go anywhere and by changing your shoes or adding a thin sweater or short jacket you can go out to dinner or theatre. the picture is a tr	Dresses
My favorite new dress. i love the feel and slight weight of the fabric. it's very flattering and easy to wear.	Dresses
Love this shirt! got it in white and it will be perfect for spring! very flattering fit!	Knits
Its just ok. the bodice is fitted and this dress runs tts. it does have a little more poof on the skirt part of the dress than it looks on the model. at this point in my life when i buy a dress i have to say right away "i love it" and i just didn't. my husband looked and said it is just a "blah" color on me. so that maybe part of it. the fabric is nice, doesn't seem inexpensive and the lining is soft and falls nicely underneath the lace. i am 5'(" and the dress does fall exactly as it is shown o	Dresses
Ordered two of these and they fit great and will be perfect for layering. true to size fit. cute detail in the back for a racer tank!	Knits
I completely disagree with the previous review. i purchased this dress and i absolutely love it! i went out for a couple occasions (one being special and the other not so special) and both times i received compliments all night! my husband loves it and that really says a lot. i feel the dress runs true to size, and the quality is right where it should be... runway worthy... absolutely!.... worth $3000's + ?....probably not, but i personally can't afford that anyway. i'm so happy to have found th	Dresses
This dress looks nothing like the photo. the sequins are dull, no sheen at all. the faux leather panels and straps look and feel like cheap, shiny plastic. i didn't even try it on, because it was so hideous, when i pulled it out of the box. not remotely worth the price and wouldn't buy it on sale for $20 either. skip.	Dresses
Basic ribbed white tank with a little character in the back. could easily be dressed up or down, material is soft and light and has a slight stretch. i will be getting a lot of use out of this piece.	Knits
I ordered this for my honeymoon and it's perfect! true to size and great with cute shorts!	Knits
I ordered this online which is always a gamble when it comes to fit. i was pleasantly surprised. color is true white and lace is not flimsy which i appreciate. good coverage of the girls so i don't have to layer over a tank. also arm holes don't gap and they're not too tight. beautiful with trousers, jeans or a skirt. i've already worn it twice to work. i know i'll be wearing it a lot. fit seems true to size. i usually order a medium and i ordered a medium which fits me perfectly.	Knits
Loved it online for its modern cut and print. however, when i received the item i was disappointed. i ordered my usual size 4 and i was swimming in it. i like oversized things and understand that this dress is made that way; however, this was not flattering. i would say i would have needed to size down to a 0 and perhaps it would work but i didn't want to take another chance. the material seemed almost crepey, which i wasn't neccissarily expecting either. bummer that it didn't work out.	Dresses
Saw this tee on line and thought i'd give it a shot - the fit is very complimentary and the material is heavenly! i get lots of raves about the casual yet pretty style too. great shirt!	Knits
Like another reviewer, i recently had a baby and ordered this to hide my belly. the m fits perfectly without looking too large, and the sleeves fit me just fine. i love the thicker fabric, and his is he perfect length for leggings.	Knits
Works great on my 5'11" frame. is pretty and feminine. great with skinny jeans and booties!	Knits
Very cute shirt, well made, nice detail, but a little long for my taste but i did keep it	Knits
I wore it for the first time this week and received so many compliments. i bought the white one and it's a tiny bit see through, but still love it.	Knits
I'm a sucker for lace details that dress up an otherwise plain white shirt. the shoulder and sleeve lace is well done on this top, and the cut is flattering, skimming over the body. i appreciated that the product notes included the length, as i ordered a petite s (i'm 5'4", 120 lbs) and the fit was perfect. a regular s would have been too long for me. the fabric is soft and fluid. i wish it were a little more substantial, but that's a minor quibble.	Knits
Although i was worried it wouldn't live up to its sticker price, i'm glad i bought this shirt. it is extremely flattering in the way it drapes. the lace details make it seem dressy and special. the fabric feels luxurious. sleeves are almost too short for my long arms, but they are good enough.	Knits
I wore this for the first time this weekend and loved it. it is long and lean but not baggy or tent like. i'm 6'0" so i appreciate the length and fit. will get a lot of use out of this. good w/ skinny jeans and i can't seem to have enough black tops.	Knits
I love the greenish option, beautiful color. the fabric super soft, and like the peek thru openings on the arms - they call it lace, but it's not really. i'm 5'9 and 140 lbs, medium was good. it is long, but it is what i wanted so works for me.	Knits
I love this top! it is long enough for my torso and arms. i am thinking of ordering in another color.	Knits
I ordered a size large. i recently had a baby and was looking for a top to hide my baby belly until i lose it. this shirt fits amazingly. i don't find the sleeves to be snug at all. if the shirt wasn't so distinctive, i'd order in several colors. the quality is fantastic for a tee and has a nubbed appearance you can't see in the photos.	Knits
I ordered one size down and it's still plenty roomy. as others have said, the sleeves are a tighter fit, but there is a tiny bit of stretch to the fabric. i'm smaller busted and didn't want the v-neck to get too low, so i sized down one. very cute tucked into jeans or paired with leggings.	Knits
I bought this in the white in both the sp and the mp. i am 5'2". i ended up keeping the mp (my usually size at 36c, broad shoulders). i found that the top of the sleeves to be a bit snug and i have normal size arms. if you look at the model shots, you can see that they are tight on top. i also found this shirt to be very long, even in the petite sizing. overall, i kept it as it was slimming, quality made, and the tight sleeve hopefully won't bother me (or shrink!)	Knits
This top runs a bit small, but it's very pretty. i got the ivory and it's beautiful, very form fitting. it is a bit see thru so i will probably wear a tank under it. it's simple tshirt material, so i feel like it should be a bit less $.	Knits
Lovely fabric, color and embellishment but this shirt was so long i can't even imagine wearing it over leggings. i felt like i was wearing a dress. there are too many cute tops on the market to bother having this one tailored (i don't buy sewing or ironing). disappointed.	Knits
I have been eyeballing this shirt online. during my visit yesterday an associate just happened to bring one out for me to try on as my store had just gotten it in. happy coincidence! the fabric is very soft and comfortable with some give/stretch. the sleeves seem sturdy like they will hold up in the wash. i thought the shoulder area was fitted but not too snug, however i have smallish shoulders. the v neck wasn't too low (no cami needed) but low enough to be a little sexy/not dowdy. it's fai	Knits
I agree with one of the reviewers that the armholes on this dress are big; however, the garment is tight around my chest area (even though i am not chesty) and lays next to my body perfectly so this is not problematic. i don't feel like they are gaping holes, there is just more area there than i would be used to. i like the fabric this is made out of. it is not quite as soft as i had hoped, but it is comfortable. i would say it is a medium weight-a little more than i was expecting. the flare is	Dresses
Fits true to size. i am a size 4 and it fit perfectly. nice quality. fits like a glove.	Dresses
This is a cute top but a little pricey for cotton t shirt material. the arms and shoulders/armpit feel a little tight but is loose and flowy below the bust. it is not as dressy in person as it appears in the photos. a cute top for jeans or leggings as the length falls below the hip.	Knits
Easy to wear! cute, comfy...will be a go to for summer.	Dresses
A flattering soft basic! i'm 5'2" 120 lbs and purchased the small on sale.	Knits
I had higher hopes for this dress and perhaps should have sized up, but it was not very forgiving in the stomach area on me. i still love the dress and the look of it on the model, but was less than thrilled with it on myself. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, and ordered a size small.	Dresses
Art on a dress- belt on the back makes it interesting	Dresses
I just got this and couldn't wait to wear it to work today. it is such a pretty designed top. unfortunately, it is falling apart as i write this review. one sleeve is unraveling. there are strings hanging off all over the lacy arms. am so disappointed in the quality. i'll be sending it back when i get home.	Knits
I tried on the xs in the store, and i don't need a petite in this, but perhaps a xxs. it is on the shorter side, so no great on my muscular thighs (if petite) whereas the regular size hit me just above the knee. the cut is away from the body, a bit "a-line", but not fitted. the colors are gorgeous, but i think this is more of a casual dress, like brunch with the girlfriends, for example. love it... it is now in my wish list for alter :-)	Dresses
I tried in the usual xs but the arm holes were big, and the dress just looked too big for me. i am not sure bout ordering petite as it also may be too short. so i decided to leave this one behind. material is really soft though, and the cut flattering if it fits which is why i recommended. i do have a lot of grey dresses however. for reference i am 5'1.5" and 115 lbs...	Dresses
I bought this dress for my college graduation, and it's truly gorgeous! i love the loose, breezy fit, but it did feel just a little bit sack-like on me, definitely more-so than i expected from looking at the product picture, even after sizing down to a small (which was comfortable, and i'm usually a medium). i ended up pairing it with a small belt. really pretty dress, just be advised - leaves a *lot* of room around the waist!	Dresses
I tried this on yesterday in the store because i was drawn by the rich purple color and pretty print. i took my usual size 2 (5'2", 110 lbs) and while it fit well, it did leave too much room in the bust and around the shoulders/arms. i had the store order me a 2 petite, and am confident that this will help. the shape of the dress is a bit straighter than it appears in the picture and it didn't gather in the waist at all, but i still found it flattering. i'm sure i will get great use out of this	Dresses
Super cute dress - swingy, flattering, easy to wear. the pattern is great, and i felt like it was the perfect length for me - though i'm short, so it may be too short for someone taller. the dress runs big. i'm usually a 6, but i got this is a 4. only complaint is that the pockets add unnecessary bulk.	Dresses
I have a racetrack bra that works with the arm holes (a bit large - like you see on the model), so i am not concerned about them. i may or may not have my tailor tack them in. length was good, knee length (some of retailer dresses are a tad short for my 40-yr old self). shape was flattering. i've some weight on my bum and things, even though i'm small. the back of the dress hung well, not clinging to the derrire. the swing shape didn't overly accentuate my hips. i really love the dress. it's a kn	Dresses
This dress is very pretty and we'll made. it runs pretty big though and i would suggest going a size down.	Dresses
I typically wear a small or x-small in most brands from retailer, but decided to order a small and medium in this dress since it's a non-stretchy fabric. i'm glad i did because the medium was a good fit and the small would have been very snug. so i would agree with the previous reviewer and say that this dress runs at least a size small. otherwise i really like the fit the fabric.	Dresses
This is a cute dress. the quality is very good for a dress of this type. the fabric is not too thin and the stitching is perfect. i do think it runs a little small. i typically wear an xxsp or a 0p and i purchased this in the regular xs. regular xs is typically way too big, but i took a chance on this one because i really liked it and i also like my dresses a little bit longer than shown on the models. surprisingly, it fit well in the chest and the armholes were not too big, as is often the case	Dresses
Love this dress. the fringe makes it so special! it's a little shorter than i anticpated - it hits me right about where it shows on the model and i am 5 2". i love the length. can't wait to wear this.	Dresses
I just got this dress in the mail and tried it on. i loved it the fit was perfect tts, and it is very soft and comfortable. however, it appears that the black striped area has bled onto the off white portion and there are stripes of gray across the chest and blotches on the sides of the dress. i am sending it back and ordering another and hoping for the best. i am very concerned that when it is cleaned it will bleed again. i love the dress so much i am willing to risk it, but i am doubtful. so b	Dresses
Love this dress! i agree with some of the other reviewers, the arm holes are a little low but not a deal breaker. i'm 5'8" 120lbs. and ordered the xs and it fits perfect. would definitely recommend!	Dresses
I purchased this in black. as in the other reviews the lace detail is a little snug in the arms but it did stretch. i did not have a problem with any fraying or quality issues. the shape is very flattering. i've been asked where i bought this several times.	Knits
As other reviews have mentioned, this top has serious craftsman ship flaws. strings hanging off embellishments on sleeves and they begin unravelling as you try the top on. i wanted to love but sadly, returned asap.	Knits
So often you find dresses in a cool, breathable material like rayon or silk, but the manufacturer lines it in hot, non-breathable polyester. which leaves you sweating on a hot summer day (or night). thankfully, someone at antropologie knows what they're doing and this gorgeous silk dress is lined in rayon. thank you to that person.yes, this dress is a bit on the short side. with it's modest neckline, it looks like it could be great for work, but it does hit a bit above the knee, so if you wo	Dresses
Just received this dress and i am in love! the colors are beautiful- perfect for both summer and fall. the fabric is very soft and the fringe detail adds a nice feminine touch. i was disappointed when i missed out on the first fringe stripe shift dress from holding horses at the beginning of this summer. it was completely sold out in my size 0. however when i saw they restocked the dress in a new color (and now lined yay!) i had to buy it. would defin recommend!!	Dresses
This dress didn't do much for me on the hanger but it was on sale and thought i would try it on in the store. so glad i did, definitely cuter on than just hanging there. the back has a belt feature that adds a little structure. the colors are nice and bright. will be good for our hot austin summers.	Dresses
Very comfortable. love the built-in lining. it fits loosely, but i don't like anything binding so it works for me. length is fine, i could easily wear it to work.	Dresses
This looks beautiful and fits true-to-size. the material has enough weight so that it hangs well. this is a very form-fitting dress - i wouldn't recommend it to someone uncomfortable with a close fitting style.	Dresses
I tried a regular 0 in-store and it was more billowy than i would like. i'm usually a size 2/4 and 5ft tall. i ordered a petite 00 and i'm hoping the fit will be more snug and that the length will be more proportional to me (the reg 0 hit just above my knee, but it might be cuter mid-thigh). it's a cute dress that can be dressed up or down and i hope it will work out.	Dresses
I wanted to like this but it just didn't have much of a shape, not flattering at all. maybe if i was taller?	Dresses
I tried this dress on in the store today, and the armholes were so wide, it showed my bra under the arm almost to the bottom, and it showed part of the side cup of my bra at the front. while the dress seems like it will be really comfy, the arm cuts are so unnatural, i had to pass. i did try going down in size, and petite, and neither of those options worked to fix the situation.	Dresses
Love the colors on this adorable, flattering style!	Dresses
When this dress first came out i thought it was weird. then i started seeing people on instagram wearing outfits that look super cute and i wanted it, but sold out. so when this version came out i snatched it up right away.  it's different from anything else i own, very quirky and in style details and has a bit of a man repeller vibe, that is why i love it.	Dresses
It's a casual dress with a luxurious feel. very flowy, but the back panel gives it a bit more structure. i like that it graces my body without showing any lumps. i will very much appreciate it on hot days! i'm anticipating a big of headache when ironing it, but i appreciate that it's not dry clean only. i'm on the shorter side of average height and it hits me mid-thigh.	Dresses
The print was what attracted me to this dress. and the material is soft and comfortable. however, the fit was all wrong for me. it had a great belt in the back, but hung very loosely in the front. it reminded me a little of some of my maternity dresses. maybe sizing down would have helped, but then i feared it wouldn't fit my hips right. this dress may look better on someone who isn't as curvy. it really looks great on the model, but not on me.	Dresses
This is a great piece, it fits really well and the fabric is nice and soft. it is a good thickness so you don't have to wear a shirt underneath.	Knits
Love this tee! the fit is true to size, and very flattering shaping. not too tight, not too baggy, good length. i love the stitching detail on the top. the material is thick enough that you are not forced to wear a cami under it. my only concern is that it says to hand wash, dry clean acceptable. i have had some bad luck with retailer tops shrinking. i'm not going to risk it and dry clean it. normally i would not want that expense or hassle.	Knits
Looks great on. i am 5'11 and the length is perfect hits above the knee but not too short. also room in the chest area.	Dresses
I ordered a size xl. it ran small, especially compared to other retailer xl tops. the quality of the material was great as was the embroidery. i wish it fit because i definitely would have kept it. very pretty tee.	Knits
I tried this on in the store. the embroidery is very nice and the shirt is very flattering. however, because of all the stitching, the shirt is a bit stiff on top. there is not much give. i am also concerned that after washing it, it will look terrible, so i passed.	Knits
This product was very disappointing. fabric was thin, it has no shape and hangs like a pajama top. so it's not flattering at all. at $78, it's really overpriced for what it is. it might look good on someone who has the perfect body shape (what wouldn't?), but they would probably still look like they went out in their pjs. i'm 5'9" and not well-endowed (a b), so it did nothing for me..also, the online picture of the moss version looks like it's a grey/black combo. it's not... it is really green	Knits
This is a great fun dress! it's very unique and well built. my only complaint is that the colors are not the same in the photo. the real colors are black on top and a bright red with shiny torquoise thread running through it. it's still gorgeous!	Dresses
This top is really cute and the cap sleeves are perfect -- what i didn't notice from the online photos is that the back of the neckline is also scalloped which is a really sweet detail! however, i thought this t was a little tight through the chest (and i'm only a b cup!) and the fit was a little too boxy. the length was also just a bit wrong for my waistline/hips and in general, reminded me of the tops i used to buy from a popular british clothing catalog. overall, the quality is beautiful and	Knits
This top will be great in 3 seasons. i can wear it alone in summer to dress up and with a blazer or sweater in fall and winter. the velvet is beautiful and luxurious without being excessive or too much. it's very soft and comfortable on the skin, although a little larger than i expected. i ordered my usual size small and probably should have gone down a size.	Knits
I ordered this online and love it. the fabric feels nice and it if fitted on the top then the bottom flows. i ordered a 4 which is my normal dress size and it fit perfect. comes a little above my knees. i'm 5'6".	Dresses
Very pleased with the fabric and design of this. it is thick, but not heavy, and the cutouts in front fall so that you don't really have to wear anything underneath (there is one cut out pretty low in the middle that i didn't initially notice, but wasn't really a problem). i'm 5"4/b cup and i bought the small but would have been better with a medium as the small kinda pulled through the chest. i couldn't wear anything over it without it pulling the whole top up. it's also a bit shorter than i th	Knits
This dress is amazing! love the fit, quality and design. so unique and is perfect for dressing up or down. wore it to a wedding and plan on wearing it to work. also, i'm a tall girl (5' 11") and this dress was such a good length for me. no one likes a dress that's too short. i ordered a size 8 and it fit perfectly around the waist and chest.	Dresses
This is such a gorgeous tee with beautiful embroidery. the colors are exactly as shown and while i take petite sizes at 5"1, i like the length of the regular for myself. i'm 104 pounds and tried the xxs but found it to be too fitted and went with the xs in the end. i do feel that it fits tts and that is just a personal preference.	Knits
This dress is true to size and great for the winter months. it's very comfortable and not scratchy at all. i love the colors and patterns on this dress. the buttons are a nice detail, but after wearing this dress twice, one of the buttons has already fallen off. they don't seem to be sewn securely. i am tall and this dress falls as shown on the model.	Dresses
This is a great every day dress. the buttons in the back make it very figure flattering, and i love the long sleeves. the fabric is light, so i'll definitely be wearing with leggings.it's a little tight in the shoulders, which is pretty standard for this brand for me.	Dresses
This dress is even better in person than in the photos online. the colors are vibrant, the material has a nice, warm weight to it, and the buttons give the whole dress that something extra to make it special. i only wish the dress came with a couple of extra buttons, as the first time i wore it one of the buttons came loose and i had to sew it back on to make sure it didn't fall off.the dress does run a little small, i think - i normally am an extra small, but the small fit me very well.	Dresses
This sweater dress is very beautiful in person. the colors are very "fall", i actually decided against it only because i felt it was too busy for my personality. as for the fit, it runs fairly true to size, maybe slightly small. i tried on my usual medium, but i think i would have sized up for a more relaxed look. for reference, i'm 5'6", 135 lbs, and wear a size 6. this could be quite a stunning piece on the right person!	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. very vibrant and rich looking...however, after wearing it to work the back of the dress was completely stretched out from sitting in my office chair. when i stood up a little bubble remained around my butt. not attractive. i wanted to love it but it's going back.	Dresses
The armholes on this dress are totally bizarre. i can't believe no one else has commented on them yet. i am a size s on top and m on the bottom so i usually try on both in dresses. i tend to be a small/ size 6 in retailer. the armholes are so long that the dress doesn't lay right on top. i showed it to on of the clerks in the store and she agreed with me. we looked at all the others and they were the same. going up a size made it way worse. this dress might work for someone with really broad shoul	Dresses
This dress looked gorgeous, light and lacy in the picture, but when it arrived, the "lace" that appeared gold and black in the photo was more a solid brown pattern against the black which was not attractive. the inner sheath was made of a heavy, sequined material. it was uncomfortable, scratchy and felt like i was searing chain mail. it also added bulk to the dress, so that i looked ten pounds heavier. i can't imagine why they would design this delicate dress with such a heavy inner slip. the si	Dresses
Everything about the dress is worth it. it's true the buttons are loosely sewn on, but that's easily fixed. i'm a slim person but broad in the shoulders, so i had to exchange the small for a medium because it has a narrow, fitted construction. large-chested ladies or athletic types should size up.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress! i love the patterns, the beading and the texture. however, i have returned it (size medium - my usual size) and asked for an exchange up to a large (fingers crossed it will be available!) because the shoulders are very narrow. i am fairly tall (5'8") with an athletic build. the body fit was a bit tighter than i expected also but not really an issue. however, the shoulders were obviously tight making it look too small and uncomfortable. yikes! i sooooo love this dress a	Dresses
One of the most comfortable tops i own. fits loose, such a soft fabric. looks cute. love it!	Knits
This dress is perfect for any occasion, it looks great with every shoe and is flattering on.	Dresses
Great peplum top, beautiful whine color. very thick material. i'm hourglass figure, 36d top so it was very flattering	Knits
Omg i am absolutely in love with this dress, i saw it on line and knew immediately that i had to have it! i decided to go into the store to try it and it looks even better on than it did on the website. the a-line shape is very flattering and the retro pattern and colors are amazing! the only down side if there even is on is that it is a little tight across the chest but i am a 36ddd so sometimes that happens, i just took a large rather than my usual medium. other than that, this dress is my fav	Dresses
I coveted this dress for so long, but this was a case of the photo giving me a different visual impression than seeing it in real life. the "gold" patterns on top aren't shiny and delicate in person as i had imagined, and they actually make a very strong impression up close (and are painted on, it seems). the mesh they lay on is also more coarse than i had hoped. the coolest part about this dress, though, is the shiny, sequined black underlay. the photo doesn't do that component justice. i was s	Dresses
I like this dress very much. the colors are great and the style cute and casual. its perfect with a pair of cognac riding boots and tights.it really is depicted well in the model photo, although i think it may be cut somewhat shorter than it appears in the photo. i am 5'9" and its shorter on me than on the model who, i imagine, is taller than me.the dress is made of a substantial, tight knit material. i found it to be a bit boxy so i washed and tumble dried it, hoping to tighten it up a bit. t	Dresses
I wanted to love this warm dress because the colors and the material are beautiful. unfortunately, i couldn't make the fit work. for reference, i am 5'3, 110 pounds and usually wear an xs in retailer clothing. like other reviewers, i found the xs to be a bit tight around the arms, and i don't have particularly large arms, so i ordered the sp, hoping it would be roomier and shorter (the regular length came down to mid-knee). unfortunately, the sp was enormous; it was in no way a petite. it was as l	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress so much! but unfortunately it fell a little short of my expectations. the overall quality of the dress is great! it's very light, flowy, and super comfortable to wear. i just wish it was a bit more flattering. i debated on returning it since it didn't really give me any shape but the material was so darn comfortable and such an easy outfit to thrown on that i couldn't part with it.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful with gorgeous coloring, nice thick, stretchy fabric and wonderful detailing including buttons. the only issue i had with it is that it's does run small, especially in the bust. i'm normally a medium to large, depending on cut so after reading the previous reviews, i ordered a large and it's pretty snug. still deciding whether i will keep or try for an xl, which is doubtful in availability at this point. i ordered it with two other pieces, both of those a medium fit fine.	Dresses
Sweater dresses are my fall/winter uniform and the patterns on this one are particularly unique and lovely. i'm 5'2'' with a small bust, this fit nicely and moves well, it's not baggy or bulky and not tight. good for work and play. i would usually wait to see if an item at this price goes on sale, but this one is the kind of piece that i expect to be snapped up swiftly and i don't regret getting it at full price.	Dresses
This is a really great dress - especially for the holiday season - you can do work and post work events with it easily. i ordered a large but it fit me more like a medium. it is very comfortable and the quality feels great. boots give it the day look and a nice set of beige high heels gave it a great evening look.	Dresses
The dress arrived with two large buttons missing from the front complete with unraveling threads. the rest of the buttons are sewn on loosely, and in general, it's poor quality. ridiculous considering the price, very disappointed.	Dresses
So, i bought 2 of these. first in xsp. it was actually the regular length not the petite one. it did have the problem mentioned by others regarding the arms, armpit, thighness issue. i thought maybe the dress was mislabeled and i got a regular xs by mistake. so i returned and order another xsp hoping i would get one with the right length, but no. the one i got has same issues as the first one. why 2 petite dresses with regular length/? i think the dresses are defective. the print is gorgeous and	Dresses
Love this tunic dress but i ordered a petite instead of regular because of length. fits a bit snug. i have gotten sp from retailer before and they have fit. just depends on the brand i guess. great holiday wear.	Dresses
There's something majorly wrong with the way the armholes are cut. i can't move my arms in this dress. otherwise the fit was fine. the a line cut of the dress is great if ur trying to hide a few pounds. other than that the does nothing for your figure. i found this dress to be true to size in an xsp im 107lbs and 5'1".don't buy it. i know it's tempting with the sale price.	Dresses
I love this dress. colors are great, but a little tight in the chest and arms. i am 5' 8" and usually wear a size 6. i bought the medium because i like a little looser fit on top. the arm holes are a little large which makes reaching up for things awkward.	Dresses
Beautiful sweater dress. nice texture gorgeous pattern. however not for my body type! i'm 5'5", a size 12-14 and i carry my weight in hips butt & tummy area. this dress is only slightly a line, almost straight and even the xl didn't look flattering on me. and the arms are definitely smaller and weird too-there is bunching in the pit area. i tried on a large for comparison and it was too tight all over and there was a button missing too. this def. runs small and i think will be flattering on the	Dresses
I loved this dress as soon as i saw it online. but the price was high, and i was nervous about taking a chance on a knit dress. would it be too clingy, too stretchy, too scratchy, too...wrong? i took a chance on it after reading other reviews, and as soon as i tried it on, i knew i had found the perfect dress for winter. it is super comfortable, and the quality of the knit is very good. the material is soft and warn. the dress looks fabulous with bright tights and high boots. in the two weeks i	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and unique. an eye-catching piece with a bohemian flare. you will not be disappointed. tts.	Dresses
If you look closely at the pattern it is a giant triangle running across the front of your body. this doesn't do great things really if you have more of an hourglass shape or small waist. it completely removed the idea that you have a small waist and draws attention to the area of the triangle that is the largest. also, i agree with another reviewer about being cautious about buttons, as several were off some of the dresses.	Dresses
The colors and design of this dress is stunning. i am usually a large in retailer clothes, this dress is true to size.this can be worn as a dress with boots or flats or even as a tunic. i purchased a scarf to also wear it with. this is one of my all time favorite retailer pieces!! don't hesitate.	Dresses
This top looks so much better on than it does in the pictures! very flattering cut and the fabric is amazingly comfortable. runs true to size, i got my normal xs.	Knits
I loved the look of this dress online, so i was excited to order it, but when it arrived i found it was not at all how i expected it to be. i thought the material would be more lacy, but it seemed pretty cheap. there was also some boning at the waist which is nice in theory, but it made the material poof out just under the waist, making me look like i had a belly. no matter what i did i could not get it to lay flat. returned to the store and bought the embroidered perennial dress instead, which	Dresses
As most have already commented, runs small in upper body. i'm always a 2 or 4 petite (5'1", 120# max, 36aa, athletic build). the petite s was exceptionally small in upper body and no chance of it stretching enough to be comfortable. since i read other reviews before purchasing i also ordered the petite m. pm was too big under arms. i exchanged both and purchased a regular s in store. fits great, though would have liked it a mere 1" shorter.the sizing should have been 2,4, 6 etc.i'm keeping the	Dresses
Knitted & knotted are my new bff. their sweater dresses are amazing and i'm now tracking down sold out versions of their apparel to enhance my closet and have a party. i adore (and drool...just a lil bit) this dress. the colors and styling and warmth make me happy. i sized up to a l because of my linebacker shoulders/broad bust (thanks retailer user reviewers!) i am comfy as long as i don't flail or flap. my one teeny tiny little complaint is right out of the factory cellophane bag, i had a loose	Dresses
Tried this dress in two different sizes and just couldn't get a god fit for me. i found the upper arms a little snug and unforgiving if you don't have slim arms. it is a beautiful dress in person, probably more so than in the photos, and a nice thick quality feel. it didn't work on my frame, but i definitely recommend you give it a try.	Dresses
This dress is so pretty and the fabric is tightly woven so that it won't stretch as much as other sweater dresses. i am disappointed in the sleeves though. the cut is way below the armpit so that when you raise your arms, it pulls tight and is uncomfortable. for the price, and the amount of time i wanted to wear it, it's not worth keeping. another thing is that the fabric is tightly woven so if you are cold natured and ok with the sleeve issue, this is the dress for you. however, if you are hot	Dresses
I love this dress. i was afraid it would be too long because it said petite was 56" but it was perfect. i am 5'0 and ordered the size xsp and the length is perfect. however, in the picture the lining is shorter than the outer layer, but on my dress the lining in longer than the dress in some areas. the dress is very modest in the front and the back has a nice plunge but not too low.	Dresses
Comfortable tank, i'm short but it's a long tank, even in a taller frame. i like that it covers my mid section. beautiful blue color.	Knits
Great tank! i really like the black and white striped one! very versatile .	Knits
This dress has so much potential- loved the pattern and the neckline. however, only one side of the waist was gathered with a fake sash leaving the other side plain. the gathered side was super flattering while the other side showed any little lump or bump. needless to say, i'm returning it.	Dresses
This is a great summer staple tank! i first ordered it in black + white, and i'm now ordering the coral + navy. i'm usually a petite xs (i have a short torso), but seeing the length on this tank, i went with the regular and glad i did. also, i had previously bought the filigree lace tank (same brand), and the length of the petite on that tank is the same as this tank's regular length, so i knew it'd fit perfectly.	Knits
I like the quality of material of this top but it's too long and wide for my frame. the high neck feels odd for my broad shoulders. too bad as i really wanted to love this.	Knits
This tank was much needed for my wardrobe. i love the vivid colors and forgiving cut. i am 130lbs and purchased an xs .	Knits
The cut on this is fantastic, every color way is vibrant and appealing. length just skims over where my hips broaden, which is nice, and my shoulders look strong and tan. however. i prefer cotton, or at least a cotton blend. this fabric is appealing in that the sweat wicks, the colors will never fade, and the shape won't change. i find the man made fabric very very hot, though.	Knits
I saw this shirt online first and immediately knew i wanted to purchase at least two colors. i went to my local store for the mother's day sale and tried it on in the black/white and the coral/navy. i purchased both colors. i actually wanted to get all three but had some other items i prioritized over the teal/white. it fits great and is super comfortable. i have been wearing the black and white all day today and sadly, it is already pilling and doesn't seem to be holding up very well (photo giv	Knits
This is adorable! lots of compliments on color. great fit!	Knits
Besides the beautiful print, i found the fit to be extremely flattering. i'm typically a medium, but the small was a better fit. this dress hangs beautifully and the unusual waist "band" gives the dress (and me) a great shape. i felt so wonderful wearing this dress!	Dresses
I feel both confident and comfortable in this dress. it runs true to size, though maybe just a little bit large. i enjoyed wearing it from the get-go!	Dresses
I waited for this dress to go on sale and when it did i bought it right away. i am disappointed!!! the lace fabric is very stiff. i should have listened to the previous reviewer. i feel like it is poking out on my arms and neck. although i appreciate the careful placements of flowers on the dress, had the fabric been different, i think it would be a great dress.	Dresses
This is a fairly high quality tank which i purchased in blue-green. it's narrower at the top, more voluminous at the bottom and a heavier knit than i expected, so i'm a little concerned about stretching over time, but i'll be careful washing it and enjoy it till that day does (or doesn't) come.	Knits
I really wanted to like this, but like other reviews say, the knit fabric pills easily and i don't think the tank feels or looks as good as it would were it cotton. a good deal on sale, but i don't think it will hold up very long. i got the teal/white, as black/white and coral/navy were sold out.	Knits
This dress hits all of the high notes for me. it is crisp, elegant, and it looks like something a european coutour designer would create. i am so glad i have this dress in my wrardrobe. it hits me just above the knee which is super flattering. wear this to a fancy party when you want to look feminine and classy. it is a dress that will serve you for a lifetime.	Dresses
Really love the pattern and color combination. the dress has an attached lining to around the knee. i would say this is tts or a little big. i'm 5'8" and around 135 and size s fits well with a bit of extra room around the waist. print and fabric cover any perceived flaws and create a long, lean look. i love the feeling of effortlessness--with cute sandals this is an outfit.	Dresses
I love the cut and style of this simple striped tank! it's good fabric	Knits
Love this t-shirt....i will be wearing this until it wears out. very soft; great fit; and very comfortable....	Knits
I was very excited about this dress having seen someone where it on the street months ago. i got my usual size 6 and could not button it up for the life of me. i get it, i'm busty and sometimes button downs are a tricky. however, the arms were impossibly tight. my boyfriend starting cracking up when he saw my arms busting out of the sleeves.	Dresses
I love the design on this top. it's a little thin, but it's held up great with a few washes.	Knits
Completely in love with this dress! i'm a huge fan of byron lars, and this one by far is my favorite. everything about this dress is perfect. it's very well made too. i usually wear a size 4, but kept the size 6 instead. the waist felt a bit too tight with the 4. btw: the belt is adjustable.	Dresses
Gorgeous color! salmon not pink though! lovely soft drape fabric but the itty bity thread and hook in the center is awful! i am a size 2/4 d cup and ordered a small and the closure is not adequate at all! it looks terrible closed and is too revealing without a cami underneath. does not fit like the model!	Knits
This dress is like a piece of art. absolutely beautiful on. i wore it to a charity event and received several compliments. it's just so gorgeously different!	Dresses
Beautiful shirt. the color is more navy than pictured. the middle of the moon is stitched embroiderer - very original and a fun texture. my only qualms with this shirt is the trapezoid cut - it flairs out slightly but enough to notice from shoulders to the bottom hem.	Knits
Bought this dress for easter and the compliments were relentless. the quality of this is superior, hence the price. the fact that it can be worn year round, i will get my money's worth out of it. my only "complaint" is the belt. that little sucker was way confusing to me so i just went without it. i needed directions to figure it out or a phd. ; )	Dresses
Soft fabric, the blue is a nice color, rich. the drape effect is very flattering on the body. the length of the regular xs was fine on me, i often get petite but would not need it in this case. could wear this with jeans or dress it up with a nice skirt. good basic.	Knits
So i ordered this because i like amadi dreses in general, and was curious how hte long one would fit. i do love it, it is really comfortable. color is pretty neitral, material is thick enough for fall, california winters and cold spring days. can be dressed up a little with nice heeled booties. i am less than 5'2" (115 lbs if curious# and this worked on me #petite, xs). i say go for it!	Dresses
Beautiful color and soft material but runs a little big so size down. i loved that it was complementing to my figure without making me look larger	Knits
I agree with the other reviewers. this shirt is cuter in person. it is a flattering cut and the design is even prettier than in the photos. the color is more navy--not the charcoal color it looks in the photos. the stitching is also more colorful in real life.	Knits
This top would be perfect if not for the large gap in the front where it wraps. the hook and loop just do not work to keep the top closed. love the pink color and the fit otherwise. i am almost always a medium but the small was perfect for me. for reference: 5'6", 145 lbs, 34dd.	Knits
This was adorable, but looks much better on the lean, flat chested model. i am only 110 lbs and 5'4" but i am curvy and it just didn't do me any justice so i will be returning. i think this would look better on someone more flat chested, because it really accentuates the bust.	Dresses
I bought this top to match a maxi skirt and it was pretty close to perfect. i got the blue color, which is more of a brighter blue than a navy. i'm 6ft and wear a 10 top, but got this in a large hoping to gain some length in the torso out of the of a large and could have gone a size down. the top was definitely long enough and i didn't have the problems with the gaping at the hook that other reviewers had. this is probably because i went a little larger in the sizing and i have a very small	Knits
Just got this in a 2 petite (5'4" 120lbs 34b) and it fits perfectly. the length is right at the bottom of the knee. it is fitted tight at the waist and the belt is even more beautiful in person. this dress has some weight and the quality seems excellent. there is a scalloped nude lining that is attached to the dress and the dress can be unzipped from the bottom as well.there is a darker lace fabric under the armpit which i like since it hides your armpits much better than the sheer red lace fab	Dresses
This dress is absolutely stunning and well made. it can be worn throughout the seasons. i love this designer and this dress is a masterpiece.	Dresses
This dress is stunning! the quality is impeccable and the craftsmanship is stunning. i ordered my typical size and it was snug but sizing up would not have worked. this may be the most beautiful high quality piece i've ever seen at retailer!	Dresses
I ordered a medium, as i like my shirts a bit loose. it is a beautiful shirt, and looks great in person. however, this shirt is cut more wide and short than it is long and lean. exchanged for a small!	Knits
Currently wearing right now :)purchased during the first days of the tag sale. runs large (i.e. i typically wear m-l, and ended up going with a small!). definitely need a tank underneath, as the hook does not close the top of fully. like the blue color; the pink is more of a peach and made me look incredibly washed out.a must at the tag sale price!	Knits
This t-shirt is great! it fits really well and is very flattering. the colors are nice, including the t-shirt color itself. the fit is perfect, including the sleeves. and it's very comfortable. my only concern is how well it will do after you wash it a few times.	Knits
This shirt is comfy, fits well, the color (pink or dusty rose) works well with most outfits, but the front hook is ill-placed and often visible. it could be tucked under better so as not to show, but it isn't and does show. i feel that i frequently need to fluff it up to hide the hook. otherwise, i like it, but i wouldn't have bought it unless it was on discount, which it was.	Knits
The shirt is quite beautiful, the lace is thick and high quality. however, i have a short-ish torso and hourglass figure and this shirt added 20 lbs. the peplum fabric below the waist hung awkwardly and poofed out. maybe this would work better for a taller person, or one who has a straighter build.	Knits
I'm not sure if the top i received was damaged or if the design didn't consider gravity but this is not what i expected. i really want to like this top, but i don't see how i can wear it.	Knits
I love this shirt except that the hook that keeps it close doesn't work a lot, outside of that i love it. i typically wear a small or extra small and with this shirt the extra small was perfect.	Knits
Beautiful well fitting top. you can't tell from the picture but the entire top is sheer so you need a tank or camisole underneath.	Knits
I bought this shirt with the intentions of using it as a nursing top. to that effect, i'm happy with the purchase, and will get a lot of use out of it. i bought two on blush and one blue at the same time. however, i was surprised that the shirt was so open and loose. i thought it was just a deep v-neck, but the design actually really opens up once the hook and eye is undone at the top. you are then very exposed, there is nothing but an opened front shirt. this is convenient for a nursing mother,	Knits
This t is so pretty in person. the gold is metallic with embroidered detail. this is my first purchase of this brand, so my usual size medium fit just fine. i am excited to put this under one of my blazers for a casula friday. it is quite unusual and great quality.	Knits
I went with my instincts and grabbed a size l as opposed to my usual medium. fits great and flatters the girls while hiding my meaty back! such a great artistic design, i will love wearing it this weekend. i am scared to wash it, i may just have to dip it in lingerie powder and drip dry. for fit reference: 140#, 36dd, i hold my weight in my neck, shoulders, back, upper arms, tummy (i'm not a gorilla.)	Knits
I purchased this when it was on sale and it is a great, comfortable, and forgiving top. this top again runs a bit large, so i ordered a size down and it fits great. i think that they are off a bit on their description of the color. i ordered ?pink? but i would consider it more of an orangish red color. not my favorite but not terrible either. overall it is a great shirt.	Knits
I am 125lbs and purchased the petiite small. the dress is very flattering and can easily be dressed up or down. the fabric is a medium weight and does not cling to trouble areas.	Dresses
Soft! sleeve is cuffed! different. called moonscape. cool vibe. tiny threads on front of moon.	Knits
Omg!! i just received this dress and it is absolutely gorgeous!! fits me like a glove. lovely rich reds and quality..... for reference i'm 5'2 and 99 lb and the 00 petite was perfect i could have even gone with the 00 regular. if it's within your means i highly recommend. :d	Dresses
I love this dress! the print and the fabric make it a fun, uncomplicated outfit choice that can be dressed up or down very easily. that being said, there are two issues i wish i had known about, although i probably would have purchased anyway. 1) it has pockets -yay!!! but also, the pockets create a bulge where they hit my hips and it's not a flattering spot on me to have an extra bulge. 2) i washed before wearing because it was super wrinkled and me and the iron aren't friends anymore. so i thr	Dresses
This dress is extremely comfortable and the material is very soft. i was worried it would be too clingy but it hangs nicely. the length is just right, although the pockets hit below my hips. i was a little unsure of the bold pattern but i liked it better in person. i bought it to wear on an upcoming beach vacation but now i plan to pair it with flats and sweaters for the fall.	Dresses
I&#39;m taller (5&#39;8), so it&#39;s not uncommon for things to be too short on me, but this was really short for the style. it was very wide and loose all over in my usual size - both up top and in the wavy part below. the style really just did not work with the length. it looked very odd.	Knits
I was very disappointed by the fit of this top. it is quite short (especially in the back) and very wide. i did not find it flattering. on a positive note, the fabric is nice and thick - very warm layering piece for fall. for sizing reference, i'm 5'5'', 122 lbs, and took my usual size xs.	Knits
I love unstructured pull on dresses in the summer and this maeve is better than photo. i wear a medium and fit is spot on. i also purchased the earlier version of this dress, same style and maker, different pattern and have gotten a lot of wear out of it this past summer. i expected this dress to be identical, but it's even better, it's fully lined and is a slightly different and more substantial fabric.and did i mention pockets! i plan to wear it into the fall with a short cardi to dress it u	Dresses
I purchased this dress in 4 colors...beautiful and so comfortable. highly recommend	Dresses
Love this dress! runs big though, size down	Dresses
I didn't expect to love this dress.. i assumed it would be something i'd return. this dress is so cute on! i love how well it fit me and that i could dress it up for work with booties, or pumps and a cardigan or dress it down for happy hour or a baby shower. i ordered a small ( i am 5'4 and 130 lbs) and it fit me like a glove....good job maeve you did it again!	Dresses
Love the dress. runs a little big. i ordered a size down than i normally wear and it fit. versatile too--i even wore it to the office with a black blazer over it and got lots of compliments!	Dresses
This dress is made well. love the design and the colors. i ordered a size 2 and it was smaller than i expected. but overall quality of this dress is so worth the price.	Dresses
I'm pear-shaped so my inclination is to always grab an a-line/fit-n-flare style dress or skirt. but for some reason this stood out to me and i'm glad i tried it on. i love this dress! i'm 5'9 with a longer torso and this still went down to my knees so it definitely works for taller girls. the cut is so flattering and, along with the thicker material, it gives me more of an hourglass shape that enhances my curves instead of making me want to camouflage them. i got my dress in a size 6 and it's tt	Dresses
I recommend this dress for women wth a small bust. this is an absolutely gorgeous dress, but it runs very small through the bodice and is almost empire waisted. if you remember the coral dress from spring by the same designer, it fits the same but this one has a tiered skirt. so sad- i love this dress-the colors and design are beautiful.	Dresses
I ordered the cream. the fabric is unique. similar to a waffle but with a dressy quality. you definitely need a cami or tank underneath. its form fitting without being too snug. i like to wear it with distressed jeans, front tucked in and kind of ruched to hide my middle, (my trouble spot) with chunky accessories, belt, necklace and a block heel. it's a little pricey but decided worth it.	Knits
The dress is lovely. the beadwork creates a nice accent. it runs big. i got a size 0, which should work out just fine for me, but oddly it is big and i wish i got a 00. now there aren't any in that size and i will either have to return the dress or tailor it. i would recommend this dress, just consider ordering a size down from your usual.	Dresses
I am a true size xl. in my 20s i wore a small and then medium, so i know whereof i am speaking here. i tried this dress on in my local retailer store. this designer, as a handful of retailer designers seem to do, simply enlarges the fabric measurement outward as they add another size. the problem is... a funny thing happens to women's breasts as they gain weight. is this so difficult to understand? as a size small i was an a cup, as a medium i was a b cup. now, years later, as a size 16 i am a d cup	Dresses
This dress is beautiful! i am on the short side so i ordered in regular and petite and due to the length the petite is better. the material is soft and comfortable to wear.	Dresses
There'd a reason this dress is all over instagram and like. it's stunning and beautiful, perfect for a wedding or event. the beading is beautiful and the tiers on the dress are more flattering than you'd expect , especially since it does have a bit of pouff to it. love it, 5 stats! i sized up so that it would be longer	Dresses
This dress is way prettier in person than online. fits like a glove. a little tight up top as are most side zips. i did not have to size up, however.	Dresses
I love wide neck & off-shoulder tops. i think they are very flattering. at first i thought the fabric was too thin but then realized since i want to wear this with a fuller party skirt, its nice that ir is not too bulky.i actually think it will be really cute with white jeans in the summer and great way to dress up a casual outfit.	Knits
Lovelier in person! fit tts; i tried this on, walked away without it and returned to my store to purchase because i couldn't stop thinking about this dress. most definitely can be worn now, but will layer well through the winter - dress it up with heels and accessories or make it casual with a denim jacket and booties :) perfect floor length at 5'3.5" in the regular 0; tiny bit of room in the bust for a 32b	Dresses
Absolutely stinning dress! statement piece for sure however i will agree with other reviews that the bust is small and has no give or wiggle room with the side zipper...one if those dreaded side zippers that you always fear breaking as you dress. sizing up would help but the waist then appears too big or bulky.. i am on the fence about whether or not it's a keeper ...definitely perfect for the smaller chested. i usually wear xs size 2/4 the 6 zipped the 4 nearly did but would've smashed. neverth	Dresses
I'm 5 ft 3 inches, 130 lbs. this dress fits perfect! i bought a 4r. the petite 4 probably would have fit and been a inch or two shorter but i don't the regular looked bad. it hits an inch or two below my knee. medium thickness of fabric is forgiving even though the dress hugs in all the right places. beautiful dress!!	Dresses
This is a really nice dress for the money. i definitely had to size down. i've always taken a 4 in hd in paris tops, so i initially ordered a 4. but it was a little too big in the chest area. (i wear a 32dd so normally this isn't my issue.) i replaced it with a 2 and it fits great. i also have a long torso, which can be an issue for me with dresses. but this one works on me! this is definitely a good dress for taller girls. the material is high quality too. i'm going to wear it to my friend's we	Dresses
Very disappointed: runs small in chest and too long. the fabric is cheap but the print is pretty with the bead and flower detail. i don't think this dress is worth the price, it is not even silk and the underlay feels like cheap gauze. i have been in the fashion industry for over 30 years and this is a miss mark in my opinion. put it back on the rack, and save your $ for something better at sweet retailer!	Dresses
I had fallen in love with the coral dress that was somewhat like this one and came out a few months ago. but the problem i'm having with this one is the same problem i had with the coral one. they are all flawed in their construction! i had eventually tried 3 size 16s in the coral because each one was flawed. on one, one side hung longer than the other, and on all 3, the top design did not line up with the bottom design. this blue one is the same way! the top design does not line up with the bot	Dresses
I knew i had a winner when my husband said "cute top" the first time i put this on. the style, quality and sizing are all excellent. i love the lace detailing in addition to the open shoulder style. i am always looking for long sleeve tops that go great with jeans and are right on trend. this a great addition to my all wardrobe.	Knits
Oh i simply can't say enough about this dress... it's just so pretty! i've sometimes had trouble with beaded pieces from retailer but not this dress. it's a very flattering piece and the material is comfortable and soft. really flattering. you can dress it up or down as well - i'm glad i'll be able to wear this into fall with a leather jacket.	Dresses
Just had to review this dress because it is so beautiful. the fabric is light and soft, and is really perfect for this flowy tiered design. the colors are really pretty, not too bright, and it fit perfectly. i would say that it is much more dressy than it appeared in photos. the bodice has some beading, and it was much longer on me than on the model, though still a perfect maxi length. it would be perfect to wear to a wedding or formal affair.	Dresses
I just received this beautiful dress in the mail after ordering my usual size petite 12. words can't describe how beautiful the fabric and embroidery appeared as i pulled the dress from the box. i quickly tried it on. the length was perfect. but when i attempted to zip the side zipper, i realized that i would never be able to zip it up over my size 38c chest. the bodice is simply too small. sadly, i have to return the dress. this is my biggest disappointment from retailer so far. if you have a ver	Dresses
The dress is very pretty! i ordered for a wedding and thought it was a little casual for that. in the end i returned because it wasn't very flattering for my figure.	Dresses
Love the design of this top. wish i could have gotten it in white but was sold out. it fits nicely overall, but is a little snug in the stomach area. still kept it though, because the shirt is just so pretty!	Knits
My wardrobe craves lush detail-rich dresses like this beautiful maxi. knowing that the dress is expensive and made of all synthetic fabric, i took the plunge and purchased the largest of my size range. i've noticed that most indian labels commissioned by retailer fit tighter in my chest/shoulders, so i'm glad i trusted my instincts and bought the 12p as it fits perfectly on my 36dd chest and wide shoulders. this is not a casual dress--there are sequins, beads and rosettes decorating the bodice.	Dresses
Lovely colors and print. my problem with this dress was that the bust was on the smaller side (it will fit those with a smaller chest nicely!), and worse, the beading on the bodice was attached with black thread, which showed through the sheer netting layer on top. for the price, this particular detail should have been addressed.	Dresses
The design of this shirt is stunning. i can't even tell you how many people complimented me on the shirt. the only thing is it does run a bit long. with it being long, it can go nicely with leggings and boots.material is a bit thin and should be hand-washed or dry cleaned. i do wish there were more sizes in petite.	Knits
Great item and very feminine. can be dressed up or down and fits true to size.	Knits
This dress is so flattering! i absolutely love it! it hides a multitude of flaws. the sleeves are just the perfect length for me, as is the length of the hem. the waist also sits right where i want it in the regular sizes. the material is comfortable and has a little give to be a little clingy on top but flares perfectly on the bottom not too far out that it makes your bottom half look huge. just perfect!	Dresses
It's hard to tell how you will like this top unless you try it on first. 1. yes, it runs big and wide but not long, which i like. 2. yes it it is fairly sheer, but the design allows for a fitted tank. 3. i found it adorable once those first two issues were corrected. it's a cute late summer top, easy breathing for humidity. i like this top as well because it allows for a normal bra strap, so you feel covered but the sexy shoulders peek out. it also is a bit longer in the back than the front wh	Knits
This is a really pretty top. the yellow underneath is a very pretty shade and the tank itself is very soft and comfortable and just loose enough to hide any bit of tummy. the armholes are large, however, so they are low and make the front look almost like a halter with the way they come in. i would order down a size as a result. you'll be able to wear most bras with it but be aware that anything that spills out under your arms will be visible.	Knits
After seeing how this looked on model in the picture i had a feeling it might be not only a bit short but also high waisted. so i took a chance and ordered a regular size 2. i am 5'1 115lbs, so i typically order a petite 2. received this today and am very happy i made that choice. the waistline hits where it should and the skirt hit right at my knees. the fabric is perfect for winter. i was actually surprised at the weight of the dress when i pulled it from the box - it was very heavy. the lace	Dresses
I just received this in my normal petite xs and it fits perfectly! it's gorgeous in person, and i know this will be one of my most worn tops this summer.	Knits
This is probably my current favorite dress. it is beautiful, comfortable, and flattering. i wear it with swept up hair and delicate earnings.	Dresses
Beautiful overlay runs large had to return for a smaller size	Knits
What i like about this is the yellow color peeking through the white, it makes the tank look sunny/happy.soft tank, fabric is really comfortable, fit is loose and casual, i was undecided but thought i have so many nice pieces, i don't need this one,. xsp was a good fit. i am 115 lbs, 30 dd.	Knits
This top is very cute! however, it runs quite large. i ordered my usual size - xs but it looked rather heavy on me. the construction of the top was boxy and didn't produce the same feminine look as it does on the modeled picture. it's a very cute design but i would order a size down for a better fit.	Knits
This is the sort of top i love to find at retailer. it's versatile because the fabric is comfortable enough to wear everyday and the lace gives it a dressy, feminine feel. i love the navy because the white behind it shows up the lace beautifully. the yellow behind the white is also very pretty. it's fuller than it looks in the product shots. even in an xxs, it's long on me at 5'4" but it's fine. not sure i can wear with shorts because of the length but good with a mini. the neck is also a little h	Knits
This dress is everything i wanted it to be. i bought it to wear to a winter wedding and the material is perfect for that! i initially ordered it in a 0 regular and ended up having to exchange it for a 0 petite and it fits absolutely perfectly! the detailing on the shoulder is beautiful.	Dresses
First, i must say that this dress fits beautifully in my usual xs (5' 4", 119 lbs) and the geometric pattern is adorable. i often have a fit problem with dresses (i think due to a long waist) where the fabric bunches up by my lower back. not so with this dress. it shows off my curves without being super tight and the fabric has a little stretch so the dress isn't binding. for my age, however (mid-40s), this dress is just a little too short for the office so i'm sending it back. also, i felt that	Dresses
It didn't work with my frame at all, but is very nice!	Dresses
I am obsessed with the quality of the fabric on this top. i am giving it as a gift and can't wait!!!!	Knits
The detail and design is gorgeous on the tank. my issue however is that the yellow is pretty bright. the website makes it look like a butter yellow but it is actually a lemon yellow. i do not care for that shade and would definitely limit what i paired it with. bummer!	Knits
The material is very soft and the lace has a beautiful design. it looks very elegant and romantic. you will need a racer back bra to wear with it though, because of the design of the straps. it is very flowing and i think the cut is flattering. the material in the back is slightly transparent so you might want to wear a tank underneath. overall, very pretty and i would highly recommend. (i purchased the white and yellow version.)	Knits
Such an easy to wear and nicely cut summer dress. it does not wrinkle, has pretty colors and fits very well. i haven't washed it yet, but i like the idea that it can be machine washed. highly recommend. the fabric is good quality, a little bit thick for hot days though.	Dresses
This piece is almost what i want... i tried on the white version in an xs and it felt a little too large for me, even though it's meant to be a looser fit. the buttercup yellow behind the lace is very pretty - i especially love that part of this tank. it provides a nice contrast and allows the detail to stand out. the navy is also nice (it was on display next to the white and looks better in person than online). what i didn't like was the texture of the spandex on the back portion. it looks like	Knits
To sum up my review at the beginning: i walked out to my best friend and two retailer employees and all 3 of them stopped and said, "whoa." it's an understated stunner.i tried this dress on a whim: and boy am i glad i did. i'm 5'4", 140lb, 34b with weight carried on the bottom, usually wear a size 4 in fit and flare dresses: the size 2 fit like a glove here.i'm shocked at just how incredible the lace is: thick, well laid on the base dress fabric, gorgeous without being too 'lacy'. the base fabri	Dresses
Lovely. my only issue is that the arm holes are rather large. i needed to wear a tank under so that my bra wouldn't show. very pretty.	Knits
Love this tank. fits true to size & looks great with jeans or shorts. a bit disappointing that the back does not have the lace like the front (only on the top back).	Knits
I purchased this dress in our retailer store. i usually wear either a 0 or 2 petite (5'1", 115 lbs.). i was able to wear a 0r in this and it fit perfectly. i paired it with a sparkly belt from retailer for a cocktail party and received lots of compliments.	Dresses
I got this top in a petite xs and it fit just as expected (i'm 5'2", 112lbs). the material wears like a tee, so it's comfortable, but the front details give it a special look. this is going to be on my go-to list all summer.	Knits
I was so excited to wear this shirt, even after reading the review that it curls up i decided to give this shirt a shot, and i found that the same thing happened to me. it also clings tightly to the body. i would not recommend this shirt for anyone with broad shoulders.	Knits
Beautiful top for summer. love the yellow under the thin white fabric. the photo is good representation. running big.	Knits
I have somewhat sensitive skin and this fabric is awful! in addition to it having no give, feeling like it will stretch out, and being slightly see-through, it is super scratchy!! it has little bits of what look to be tree material in the fabric.. awful!	Knits
You won't break the bank with this cute tee. loved that it's not a thin fabric. the variation in the stripes adds interest, too. i ordered a large, my regular size, and it fit well. i returned because it was a bit on the long side on my short frame, the colors didn't suit me and i need long sleeve tees now that we're heading into the colder months.	Knits
This dress was absolutely beautiful in person, but it didn't end up working out for me. i wear a 10, the 10 fit, but i have a 34g chest and because of that the waistline didn't sit low enough - it was just below my bust instead of at my natural waist. i really wanted this to work and think it would be great for the right person. seemed tts. love the detailing!	Dresses
Love this shirt- i got the white/yellow one and with a pair of dark jeans and booties i was ready for anything. i have an hourglass type figure, and sometimes with flowy shirts that is hidden. but this shirt somehow subtly emphasized that in an attractive way!	Knits
I would suggest trying this on in store. the xs would've worked (that's my normal size), but i ended up preferring the s. it does have low armholes. the s in the yellow was just right for me, but the s in the navy was too low in the armholes and the shirt was cut a little crooked. still, a very cute and classic top that i know i'll get a lot of use out of.	Knits
I really love this top! fits true to size, romantic lace detail. also love the white underlay panel for contrast. extremely comfortable soft fabric. so many ways to dress this top up or down.	Knits
I am very into the lace tops! purchased this but it's a very exaggerated swing top and on someone who is 5'3, it feels almost like a tunic. lots of extra material in the back. love the look and if you're tall enough, it should work for you!	Knits
With a rather large chest, i am always having to size up in tops like this. the l fit well all over but the arm holes were just too low. even if i wore a navy bra (i got the navy version) it would still be cut too low. it's too bad because it is a beautiful and unique piece	Knits
I picked this dress up in a size 8 - fits tts. i have a 34dd chest; 145 lbs. and 5 ft. 4 inches in height. i have an hourglass figure and the size 10 was too big and the 8 fit just right. the skirt is lined and the upper bodice part is not, it says on the tag hand wash which is a plus because dry cleaning is not a plus. hits me just about 2 inches above the knee. the thick lace detailing is very special and price point with the dress promo made me feel this would be a great dress for the holiday	Dresses
Love the detail of the white with yellow underneath but agree with the other reviewer that the material is very thin in the back. also, it is a flowly top so you will need to size down. however, because of the shape it will fit snuggly around the chest/arms. this didn't work for me as it accentuated my normal body type (as in not the model type). i am not overweight but it definitely didn't flatter my chest area. seems like the top worked for others so i suggest trying on first.	Knits
I actually like this top, but i am wearing it as a cowl neck rather than off-the-shoulder. i found it at the store, so i didn't even know it was supposed to be that way. i have the ivory color, and it it does have some tan/beige specks in it, but i don't mind this at all, it adds some texture and warmth. i think it is a great neutral top for work. it has a double layer of fabric, so not sheer at all, and this keeps it smooth over my middle without a tank or cami. i am an xs in most retailer to	Knits
It's a very cute design. it looks great tucked into a cute pair of jeans, if can even be dressed up. however, i agree with the previous comments about the top not staying folded down. it likes to ride up and is difficult to keep the style like the model in the picture has. it's a very cute design, it just needs to be worked with and adjusted time and time again as its worn. when it does cooperate, i've gotten many compliments on it! order a size up, i am normally a small but the medium worked be	Knits
I ordered this top online. i had been wanting an off-the-shoulder top in a neutral color and when i found this one, i had to have it! i thought the price was great. when i received it, i was impressed with the quality of material. it fit me a little more tightly than some of my other tops, but was very satisfied with how it looked on my body! i got it in a size small. i do agree with others on here, the shoulders were a little more difficult to keep folded down...but overall...i am truly satisfi	Knits
I wanted this this top when i saw it online but was hesitant when i read the review however i went to the store and was able to try it on, good thing. i'm not a fan of the off white/beige material but really like the black style. i had no problem with the shoulders staying down. idid get it in a small a size up for me.	Knits
Beautiful, well made and styled dress. perfect for company christmas parties where you want to look nice but not show too much cleavage. i wear it with a cameo brooch.	Dresses
I love off the shoulder looks and had high hopes for this top. unfortunately the folded top portion doesn't stay down at all. i found myself pulling at it all day and eventually gave up. the material is also not the best.	Knits
I just got this tank and love it. it has the perfect amount of swing, but does run a little large. the underlay was more yellow than i expected, but i think it adds a nice amount of brightness to the top. this will be a summer staple.	Knits
This top is the epitome of late summer and getting into fall mood. it's soft fabric falls nicely on top of skinny jeans. the open shoulders are trendy and flattering!	Knits
Love this top. tried it on in the store and had to have it. did not find it too sheer and could wear my regular bra with it, as the shoulders fit where the straps are. got tons of compliments on it. would have bought in more colors if offered i loved it that much. the perfect bohemian hippie chic top, if there is such a style!	Knits
This is a great easy to wear summer dress. a denim jacket would look adorable to wear on a cooler night. it runs a bit small in the waist and i bought the petite because i wanted it to be above the knee summer casual. it is very flattering because of the pattern detail by the waist. it is the perfect summer dress and best of all it is machine washable!	Dresses
I really wanted to like this top, but unfortunately it is not as pretty or flattering in person. the yellow looks dirty in real life, not pretty like the picture. it is also a strange fit/shape when it is on. i tried it on in the store and did not like it at all.	Knits
Runs large under arms i am typically a size medium but bought size small.	Knits
I love this top! shows off the shoulders but a normal bra works. no tank needed. not too boxy looking, all these things i have had a problem in some of the currant tops an retailer. i felt it was flattering and comfortable with some country chic. i found the colors to be a bit more rich than online. there was a tiny bit of puffy fabric around the back upper shoulder, but nothing to worry about. the neckline is a stretchy and close fitting, and that's the part of the top that i don't usually wear i	Knits
I love this top. i bought it in the blue but loved all the colors. i fell in love with it on-line and hesitated ordering it only because i was afraid that the arm holes would be too large (based on what i saw in the picture). fortunately they had it at my local retailer, so i was able to try it on. my usual xs fit perfectly. great flow, soft and casual. perfect for those cool nights in the summer or layered with a cardigan in the winter.	Knits
Love the colors of this dress. it did run a little large. i ordered a large and medium and went with the medium.	Dresses
36dd, 10/12 in tops, 12/14 in bottomsthis tank is amazing! the flowing a-line shape is very flattering. the armholes are perfect - all too often i see a good tank top ruined by large, gaping armholes. no bra peek-a-boo here! fabric is a stretch micro-rib knit that doesn't cling too tightly, just enough to give the top good definition. i took the size large for the length - just past the hips on me. the side slits keep the look flowy. the light blue contrast color is light grey, while the brigh	Knits
I purchased this in the blue motif. i am 5'4, 118 pounds and got an xs. i love everything about this tee. it looks great with jeans and i love it with my white denim shorts! i haven't worn it off the shoulder yet. i think it looks great as a regular tee. i get compliments whenever i wear it. so happy with this purchase!	Knits
Not in love with this one. the fabric is thin and seems cheap... it seems overpriced even on sale. and it runs a bit small along the bust. i could maybe get away with it without a bra, but after 3 kids, braless isn't my best look. and i don't think the print is a pretty in person as it is online - can't quite put my finger on why... maybe a little darker in person. that said, the fit is flattering. the cinched waist is lovely, and the skirt is nice and flowy. even so, this one is going back.	Dresses
I purchased this top in the blue stripe and red. after washing the red top, it lost color in little spots and also has little holes along the seams. the blue washed fine. overall, it is a very cute top and great for summer.	Knits
I am so glad that i got this one.i wish i got the bigger size,but got it on sale.i am glad,that i have it for next winter.	Dresses
I'm obsessed with this top. i actually love that the sides are a bit higher than the front and back. i feel like that gives it shape. i bought jeans similar to the pic here and they look so good together. love!	Knits
Saw this top online and hoped for the best. my hopes were rewarded! lovely lightweight summery top but i think with a cardigan it could be worn in the fall also. i asked 4 friends if they liked it and they all agreed it was very flattering so i decided it was a keeper. have worn it three times since purchasing and have received lots of compliments.	Knits
I ordered a med petite. usually this fits but this shirt was long and the sleeves wouldnt stay down. as a regular shirt it was not cute.	Knits
The image does not show but the front of the dress has a heavy 24" utility zipper hidden with 5 snaps. the zipper pull, when closed, sat right on my collarbone, which was he height of discomfort. it felt heavy and awkward. the dress was very high waisted for me (i'm 5'6" and it was 3" inches above the navel)) also to the point of discomfort.an invisible side zipper would have made the difference for me if the proportions were better suited for a non-petite sizing.the fabric is quite beautifu	Dresses
The lining is shorter than the top, so i keep pulling it down. also the finishing of the edges looks like a child cut it with some scissors. it is not evenly cut. i do like the color and style of the shirt, just not the quality.	Knits
One of my favorites for comfy cute this summer! the color is a beautiful berry color! also love the length... it feels a little longer than a typical top which i love! 5'9	Knits
I tend to size up when ordering tops online as i find a lot of retailer stuff to be inconsistent. a little big is better than something way to small. well that was a mistake with this top. i sized up and it was much too large everywhere, more so than i thought it would be. but the neck, there's no button or hook and i could barely get the top over my head! if i had gotten a size smaller i wonder if it would have ripped as i pulled it on. cute top, material is so-so.	Knits
This is such a beautiful top with pretty, vivid colors and soft fabric but the execution is wrong. the front is fine, the smocked upper portion is very flattering but then you turn around and the back fits like a cape. there is a ton of fabric especially in the upper portion of the shoulders and upper back, with pleats that begin under the ruffled neck and billow out. i got an xxsp (5' 103 lbs) so couldn't size down. please retailer no more billowy tops!!so sad to have to return this one.	Knits
I was so excited about this top, as the picture of the model it looks beautiful and drapey in just the right way. unfortunately, this top feels like an old grandma's polyester suit, the sides are much shorter than the front & back and the combo of the inner lining and the outer fabric feels awkward with the inner piece being significantly shorter the the outer. it also puffed out a bit at the top of the shoulders in a strange way, due to the layered fabric. sadly, going back.	Knits
I received this top in my normal xxsp size and it fits perfect. it's roomy so i'm glad i went with the smallest size. the color states pink but it's really between a red and raspberry so it's better looking than pictured. as with most off the shoulder tops, if you raise your hands it slips up, but it actually looks good that way too and forms a square around the neck that appears like that's the natural design. overall, great value, light and flowy, plus the fabric is a soft linen so it breathes	Knits
This dress was really odd. i loved the quirky mixture of the blue stripe and the floral but that's about it. the shape was unflattering but honestly that could be because this dress ran large. i was just very underwhelmed with this dress. also the hidden button zipper at the front was an amazing idea but not the best execution. overall its okay just hated it on me.	Dresses
I carefully read the reviews and decided to order a medium since that size works for me generally with floaty styles. the neck was a bit small but once over my head it fit and looked nice. the deal breaker for me is the huge droopy armholes that showed half my bra. the colors are deeper than shown. but the pattern and length overwhelmed my shape feeling a lot like a maternity top. i liked that the sides are shorter but overall it's just not my style. better suited i think for taller, slimmer bod	Knits
I ordered the blue stripe and white in size large. i didn't like it worn off shoulder but it does stay in place, which is a good thing. and it looks okay worn on the shoulders. i find the fabric so uncomfortable and itchy that i couldn't wait to take it off, immediately. i tried them on again a second time, still hopeful, with the same outcome. sadly, returning.	Knits
Everything about this top is perfect! quality is great which is number one in my book. color is awesome! perfect color for fall, summer and spring! a must have!!	Knits
Was looking for a cute off the shoulder top and this is a fun one. can be worn both on or off the shoulders. nice length and the pink is a beautiful raspberry color. love the linen blend too. i'm a size 2 and i ordered the xs. flows away from body - -it's a bit big but i like the style.	Knits
This top is great. it hangs in the perfect way to hide imperfections. the orange/red is a great accent and i received compliments when i wore it.	Knits
Really like this tunic a lot. it is comfortable and easy to throw on and look put together. i'm always a fan of pockets too! i ordered the xs -- i'm 5'4" about 118#. it fits loose but not in a bad way. the fabric allows it to fall well over the body. if you are tall it will probably be too short for you as it was a few inches above my knees. glad to have snagged this right away! more tunics like this please!	Dresses
If all the tops i ordered from retailer this summer, this top is my fav. it is a crowd pleaser! my friend called it my "art shirt." the fabric is nice and the cut hangs nice on my 5 ft 5 170 pound frame. the armholes are a little big, so i just wear a red bra with it and it's great.	Knits
This dress is shorter than it looks on the model. i'm 5'8" and it hits about 1 inch above my knee. it also runs a little big in my opinion.	Dresses
I love purchasing these tunic/ruffle dresses because they can be worn anywhere.....this dress is definitely a little on the heavy side for winter wear...the color is beautiful...i am 5'4''. 138 pounds and always purchase a large for a relaxed fit....i plan to wear it out to dinner for my birthday and to a house party on new years day....	Dresses
I was looking for an off-the-shoulder top and chose this one. it is pretty. the bottom of the shirt is fairly billowy, so i can only wear with skinny pants. takes a little getting use, somewhat restricting my arm movement so the shirt pops off my upper arms.	Knits
Loves it!! this is my new favorite top. it's pretty...it's perfect:-) cannot find any bad to say about it.	Knits
This top is well made for the price! the colors are beautiful and will work well with jeans and a leather jacket if it is cooler.	Knits
Just gorgeous . this is one beautiful top. the colors are pretty and vibrant. i wear either a large or xl and the large was great in this top. dress it up or down.this top flows and it drapes beautifully in the back. it looks fantastic with jeans. as a bonus it is lined so no need for any type of piece under it. it's an all year round top. throw a cardigan or wrap over it when the weather cools down and you are set to go. a great top for your wardrobe . i would not hesitant to buy it.	Knits
For me, at 5'9", the top was not long enough...it appeared longer in the photo. i'll be returning it. other than length, it is cute.	Knits
Pros: soft, quality top, true to size, and would look great (a little tucked in) and off the shoulderreality: it will be hard to keep the shoulders from sliding up, and (on me at least) it looked really meh...kind of dumpy.i'm 5'6", normally a medium/8, and i bought the medium here...fit was good. it's billowy and accurately displayed in the pictures, so as an hour-glass shaped gal, i'd need to tuck in the front (or all) or accessorize to give it a little shape. i really liked the feel a	Knits
Tried this one because the ruffled detailing at the collar and sleeves appealed to me, as well at the cute button details along the back and the overall color and look of it._____________pros:- love the ruffle trim along the collar, bottom, and wrists. it gives it a really romantic feel to it.- a definite winter piece. it's extremely warm and very thick and heavy, which i found covered any lumps and bumps nicely.- ran tts. i'm 5'9", 36c, hourglass, and 170 lbs and tried on the medium and fo	Dresses
This truly is a dress and not a tunic. i normally wear a medium but they were sold out so i thought i would try a l petite. i am only 5'4 and the large p was really long. i could definitely wear as a dress with tights. i am hoping it comes back in stock so i can try a medium p. unfortunately it is going back. cute sweater as pictured on the model!	Dresses
Bought the blue/gray - love the color. just the right amount of cling. adorable alone or under cardigan. super deal on sale.	Knits
Love this sweatshirt! i'm 5'2" 110lbs and ordered the x-small. it's a little boxy but very comfy. it's definitely light peach in color and not pink, as shown. very happy with this purchase!	Knits
I bought one of these as a gift for a friend and i loved it so much i had to get one for myself! it's beautiful material and has lovely detail, a little sheer so best worn with a cami underneath. probably better for those with not too ample busts as it doesn't have a lot of stretch.	Knits
Even more beautiful in person. runs large as i'm usually a medium and bought a small. great for summer/fall transition.	Knits
Great sweater with gorgeous detail. fits tts. works best in someone with smaller bust like me. pink is peachy pink like other reviewers have commented. pairing it with gray ag jeans! will work great for fall/winter in louisiana.	Knits
Very pretty and delicate top. it is fresh and with a delicate embroidered "bib" style. the fabric on the front is silky and the back is a blend of silk and cotton, just that part (the back) could be a little thicker so more durability. still as it is, it's a niece piece and good quality.i find it you can wear it with dress pants for office or formal gathering and to dress up jeans and either to leave it our or tuck in. since the bib is focal point you can skip any necklace and war dainty earrin	Knits
Nice thin tank. back half is a jersey knit (different fabric than the front). good layering piece. at 5'4" 140 lbs, the medium is a nice length, reaching my hip flexors in front ...although, i'm rather short waisted...	Knits
I was surprised how much i like this shirt. the fit is really pleasing. at first i thought it would be a "whatever" shirt, but i think i will actually wear it a lot more. it will look cute dressed up with a cute necklace and flats. the price is a bit high for this top, but i felt it was worth it since it is so hard finding a casual shirt thats not your basic tee.	Knits
This is a pretty everyday piece to add to your wardrobe. the color is a little less pink and more peach than depicted in the photo and the top is just a bit on the short side but i was afraid that if i sized up, it wouldn't give me more length but maybe look boxy instead. i'm 5'7", 140lbs, 32dd with an athletic build and ordered the small.	Knits
Loved this top when i first saw it online and when it arrived it didn't disappoint at all. dress it up or down.	Knits
Not as pink as pictured online, definitely more of a pale peach. fits loose, so i'm glad i went with my normal size, or would seem boxy. cute top, and will wear it around town running errands..instead of my activewear!	Knits
Loving this top! feels comfy and casual like a sweatshirt, but pairs great with a pencil skirt or dress pants to wear to work. easy to dress up and down and i get so many compliments on it! it's fraying a tiny bit on the front, but i think that adds to the not-so-precious vibe. i'm 5'10" 160# and the m works great!	Knits
I love this top. the fit is great for me. i ordered a small. the color is a bit more peach than the pink in the picture, but still very cute.	Knits
I loved this blouses when i saw it on-line, but when i saw it in on me it looked totally different. it runs really large and i didn't like the material of blouse.	Knits
I've been scouting retailer's store, looking for short sleeved tops at a reasonable price point.this fit the bill. the flouncy sleeves are a bit much for my typical wardrobe, but a fun addition. i love the fact that there's extra fabric built in to make the armholes smaller, therefore no need for a cami underneath.i purchased the black and white in medium (typically medium to large, 5'4", 34g).	Knits
This is a charming sweatshirt top with extra details to make it stand out! the front panel has lovely art nouveau style embroidery and cut outs. i'm going to enjoy wearing this with jeans - it looks great with gray or black denim. the colors are fabulous for someone with "spring" coloring - the front panel is a very pale peach / peche. i'm 5'4", 128lbs, with small shoulders and 32c chest, i'm typically a size 2-4 or size xs-s, and ordered an xs. it fits well, a little tighter than on the model -	Knits
I love, love, love this top! the cutout pattern in front is such a unique look and is a great way to add some fun to your usual t-shirt and jeans look. it's well made and the fit is great. i got it in petite s which worked great length-wise.	Knits
Love the top, but very small to the size. ordered a medium and had to send back in exchange for x-large.	Knits
Love this shirt it has a femine look with a casual style.	Knits
I was wondering whether to purchase this top and decided last weekend during the 20% off event, i would splurge!!! i got the m as i'm tall (5'10") and it does look a little strange on the arms atleast on my body. the sleeve is cut too high for me. i wish it was longer or even a long-sleeved item! the peach-apricot- nude colored fabric is a little uncomfortable and the fabric close to the neck is a different grey from the other sweatshirt pieces. the sweatshirt pieces aren't particularly soft eit	Knits
I saw this online and loved it, then when it was on sale i went into the store and tried it on and i couldn't resist. the only size that was left in stores was an xs petit and i didn't think that it would fit me because i am usually a regular s/m but it was super comfortable and very stylish. it wasn't too big or too small, it fit me just right without any awkwardness.	Dresses
Cute, comfortable dress. great for work and more casual events. the neckline is more mock style than i was expecting.	Dresses
This dress has very pretty colors on the embroidery, there is nothing wrong with the dress, other than the fact that there is nothing special about it. very blah fit. the fabric feels very polyester. no real shape to it. the embroidery on the dress i tried was lined up like the photo, so no problems there, just nothing about the dress made me want to wear it. perhaps at a much lower price point, but at this price point, its disappointing. size 2 fit perfectly, and i am 5'2" 112. in general, just	Dresses
Beautiful top that will go with anything. looking forward to wearing it.	Knits
I personally like light garment and simple design for my daily dresses. it meets my needs.i personally recommend it to customers.	Dresses
There's just nothing special about it. it runs small and the fabric is itchy. the design with button caught my eye, but i didn't like it well enough to keep it.	Knits
The cut and print of this dress is beautiful. however, the armhole is way too low, which is a reoccurring problem with anything sleeveless from retailer these days. please don't drop the armholes so low, most women do not want their bra completely showing every time you lift your arm!	Dresses
The blouse looked better on the model. i liked the way it fit, just not how it looks. the fabric made me itch, which was one of the other reasons i returned it. i wished it had looked good and the fabric didn't make me itch. i really liked the unique look to the shirt.	Knits
I ordered this in large since it was the last one available. i normally wear a med, but i do enjoy the oversize look in silhouettes like this one. the armholes are very low, but since i have hyperhidrosis (excessive sweating) this does not bother me one bit. i'll just wear a super lightweight tank underneath for coverage/protection. also, the oversize fit allows me to wear a long sleeve for layering if i desire. i love the flow and fluidity of the material and will be wearing this one a lot.	Dresses
I saw this top online and fell in love with the overall casual look.i ordered all 3 colors, and they just arrived........love love love !!!they are soft, comfortable and a have a very flattering casual fit.the understated ruffled details add the special "something" that is so retailer.they are sophisticated yet pretty.the orange is more vibrant in person and is a beautiful shade.the plum/purple is a rich, unique and pretty color.the navy is a perfect "denim" color.a fantastic basic	Knits
Good dress to wear with heels, flats, tights. versatille!	Dresses
I love this dress, is perfect in every way. no complaints. very pretty colors. will wear it with a belt.	Dresses
The picture is accurate. i got the plum version. the color and effect are really unique. the fit is tts. i wear an 8 in tops and the medium is fine. the sleeves are flattering- belled but not ridiculous. the fabric is soft. if the body of the top was a little less wide it would be a 5 star item. with flare legs, i think it will balance out the volume of the cut.	Knits
I really like this top. it is made of cotton and linen blend, so the fabric is not as soft as i would have expected. however, it did not bother me at all, and i am really liking it.the fabric is on a sheer side, so it is a bit see through. nothing too revealing, however it is a thin fabric.overall, i am happy with this top!	Knits
Although this isn't a soft top, i didn't find it that scratchy or bothersome at all. it's 55% linen! and, for linen it's soft. it's also got tons of stretch which makes it very comfortable as far as movement. i bought the black, and i do not find this sheer or see-thru. it's a light thickness which makes it perfect for layering under a jacket or sweater for a cool spring or warm fall day. i found it running tts, with the sleeves and length a little long (i'm petite) making perfect for the av	Knits
I am a sucker for a peasant dress. i love anything i can toss with a pair flats and head out the door, but this dress is ridiculous. i look like a schoolmarm. the white bib collar takes this dress into costume territory. i love one september and have many items from the brand that i wear regularly, so i'm bummed that this wasn't what i expected. i knew it would have flow, but it's more billowy than i wanted. stay away unless you want to look like a little girl on the first day of school.	Dresses
This dress is amazing! the fit, style, quality of fabric is just perfect. just the right amount of "v" in the front and back to be flattering and sexy without being too exposed! will be looking for more styles from this designer!	Dresses
I am truly heartbroken that this dress is sold out in my size -- it's is incredibly flattering, glamorous, and interesting. and it has sleeves! this is such a hard combo to find and i wish more than anything i can find my size to wear to a wedding. retailer, please please make more dresses like this one that flatter all figures and are classics.	Dresses
Bought this dress for my daughter to wear to a rehearsal dinner and i couldn't believe how beautifully it fit. fitted through the top, falling to a gorgeous flare. hit her at knee (she's 5"6'). classic, elegant, femme fatale look that will work for a range of occasions.	Dresses
Adorable with black pants or jeans. covers the part of your arm you might want covered :-)	Knits
I have purchased many dresses from retailer for weddings and events. this is the first time i have been disappointed with the quality. however, the sleeve on this dress ripped after lifting up my toddler son in the middle of a wedding. the size 4 seemed to fit perfectly, but the fabric had no give. it was not overly tight in the bust as i am bra size 34aa. for the price, i expected better. the color and style of the dress is gorgeous, so perhaps ordering one size up is the answer. . .	Dresses
Very cute top! even prettier in person! i ordered it by mistake but i am definitely keeping it! the regular xs size fits perfectly (i was concerned about my twin sisters!)	Knits
A beautiful silk dress - light and cute but not worth the price. this dress is extremely thin and no lined at all. it's very light and i'm afraid would be completely see through.	Dresses
This dress is stunning. it is a great classic, that i wished had worked out for me. i went through 3 different dresses, and each time, the cap sleeve would tear. there is not much room, if at any for arm movement without the fabric tearing. i am so disappointed. it wasn' even tearing on a seam (so there was no way to repair it). if you do not intent to dance in this dress and are wearing it for a low key night or dinner, it would most likely work....it is not for a wedding with dancing!	Dresses
I bought this dress for my bridesmaids and it fit all 6 different body types wonderfully! it is a very classic look. the material is very nice, a little heavier and more formal.	Dresses
Dress was a disappoint. very thin and cheaply made, not worth the money at all. pictures make it look much better than in real life. top area is also made small so if you are busty, this is not the dress for you.	Dresses
I love this top!!! i usually wear a medium but all that was left were larges, so i figured i'd take a chance. it is gorgeous, and not too big! the quality is fabulous, and the color is very soft and complimentary. i am so glad i ordered this. can't wait to wear it!!!	Knits
I don't have a lot of pink or lavender in my wardrobe, but any time i do try a shade like this on i always think it compliments my skin tone and hair color. i generally wear a mauve-ish or coppery eye shadow and the color of this shirt looks beautiful against that makeup too. unfortunately, i just don't find the shape of the top to be flattering. it's really long, so the way the model has it partially tucked looks best but i'm not really thin like her and i have a larger chest... it just doesn't	Knits
I purchased this to wear on the same day. it did have a strong smell ! i tried airing but didn't help much so didn't wear. tags are cut so will probably give a try after washing (by hand, my fault for not checking this part). it is a bit over my price range for a casual top, so hoping i'll end up loving it!	Knits
Cute top, good color, fabric is a little rough and scratchy	Knits
This top is very pretty on the hanger. however, i have a curvy bust, and it was incredibly unflattering on my body. boxy, too high of a neckline, unattractive. the plus sides to it are that crochet detailing is lovely, and the color is nice as well. maybe if you have a 1920's frame it would work.	Knits
I wish it was a little bigger.i kept this,for it will be wonderful for summer.	Knits
I ordered this cutie before i read any reviews and i am so glad i did. mine does not have any weird smell at all. i ordered a medium and i wear a size 8. it fits perfectly and is long enough to wear with leggings ...with coverage. the detailing on the yoke is so pretty. i bought it with a discount promotion so it made the price better. i am really glad to add it to my wardrobe!!	Knits
This dress is adorable and professional at the same time. i was worried that the print would overpower me but it's a nice fabric. i'm 5'2" and the petite small is perfect. i don't like to wear form fitting clothing for work and this fits right for me. plus it's hand washable. i haven't worn or washed it yet but i'll easily wear it to my "creative professional" workplace.	Dresses
I was in the store looking specifically for long sleeved tops that are cute and found this! pretty color pinky purple and my usual xs is perfect. i'm 5'6", 127 lbs, 34b. love this--definitely unique and feminine. and--no--nary a smell in the mix!	Knits
I bought this top in my usual size large and it is slightly big, but not so much that i would want to size down. the material is slightly itchy, but i think that it's worth it because it's such a pretty top. i absolutely love the detail at the top. it is beautiful! if you wear a nude bra, you can't see the strap lines through the material. i also love the coloring of this top. this is a great top that i can see myself wearing with dress pants for work or with jeans for a more casual look.	Knits
This dress is absolutely stunning! the colors are vibrant and it flows very nicely touching the floor.  it runs very small, i ordered size medium and i could not even zip the dress, i normally wear size 10. i had to return it and order again in size large. i love the fit this time!! but be aware if your normal size is higher than 10 this dress will not fit and larger sizes are not available for this dress. it is nice addition to my wardrobe and i am planning to wear it to the multiple occasion	Dresses
The color was a little darker than it looks online, but i like it!	Knits
This shirt smelled so bad when i received it (and i am not at all sensitive to smells). is it from the dye? i tried it on anyway. it is shapeless and nothing special. at almost 80 bucks it is so over priced.	Knits
Lovely top with details and a unique color. i have read some other reviews and i honestly don't know why it is getting bad reviews. it is linen but not scratchy by any means, like linen it does give with wear, so i recommend sizing down as it does run a little large. with a nude bra you won't see your straps and i would dryel this, no washing of any kind, linen shrinks! overall great top and i was glad i snatched one up.	Knits
The turqoise color is pretty, however, it did smell bad out of the package. i wore it once and it transferred the dye to my skin and white pants, bra and cami! hope it all comes out in the wash. i tried to hand wash the shirt and now have blue hands and a blue tub.	Knits
This is a rare review for me, i usually love my retailer purchases, even at times when other reviewers aren't fans, but this top is terrible. 5'4" 103, 32 b for reference, small frame, athletic, bought the xs in black. the length could have been longer, but i could have lived with the length. the arm hole area, however, a different story. because it's boxy, and the fabric is stiffer bc of the large flowers, the top sticks out on the sides under the arm holes leaving a gape, it did not fit snuggly	Knits
This shirt had an overpowering vinegar odor when i took it out of the packaging.the mint green color was appealing but the styling did not look good and the smell was too much.	Knits
Love the material, pockets, length (i wear petitie - i'm 5'3) etc. i usually wear a medium, but this dress runs incredibly large. i was drowning in it and sadly had to return it. size one or two sizes down if you want to purchase!!	Dresses
I took a risk on this one. i wasn't sure if the shirt was more green or more blue. i look better in blue. it turns out that the shirt is a bit more green, but i think it still looks good! i'm 5'3' and 125 lbs. i got a medium. i could have maybe gotten a small, but i like the medium. the shirt has a bit of a vintage look to it, which i like. all in all good.	Knits
This dress is stunning. i loved the cut and seam detailing. it is very flattering...if it fits. i have a curvy athletic build and usually wear a size 10/12. i am also smaller busted and this dress was too tight around my ribs, back and tummy. i bought the large and it doesn't' come in a bigger size :( it is very well made and completely lines. i highly recommend this dress but again only it if fits you.	Dresses
Lovely color and sweet top, but the fabric was so itchy i couldn't wear it.	Knits
I bought 3 shirts in gold, black and red. they arrived larger than expected. after the first wash and air dry they shrunk. i would have been thrilled but they shrunk to be shorter while staying too wide. also my black shirt faded a lot with one wash.	Knits
Love this shirt, it's so comfy for fall/ winter, but has the really cute detail at the top. love the color too!	Knits
This gorgeous dress really does bloom before your eyes. the silk is light, airy and very delicate. the bodice runs large and the length runs long (i have to wear my highest platforms) but i would not return because it's an exquisite piece of art.	Dresses
This is a great fall shirt. great for dressing up casual wear!!!	Knits
I bough the blue color and love it. the neckline detail is fun and make you take a double take when looking at what is otherwise a relatively simple top. it drapes nicely, and paired nicely with dark skinny jeans and ballet flats for work (i'm at a tech company, so casual to business casual). the ombre color is gorgeous! (the lavender is pretty too but seemed to wash me out and not fall as nicely).regarding what other reviewers said: yes, it has a slightly vinegar smell when it came shipped, b	Knits
Fits large, wrinkles easily and not what i expected for the price.	Knits
It definitely smells like vinegar but it went away after a few hours. i don't think its itchy. its kind of baggy and kind of has an ombr look to it fading down to darker. it looks casual in the pic but i can wear it out at night with cute earrings	Knits
This is a cute top but i wore it for around 5 hours and lo and behold i had smurf skin. i did not sweat in it but the color transferred to my underarm area and bra and it did not come off in the shower!! i guess it's going to have to wear off. thank goodness it was not a hot day!! i hope that i can return it.	Knits
I like this top but unfortunately i will be returning. it's way too long. the color is pretty as is the design minus the length. it makes it look frumpy. maybe if they offered it in petite or if you're taller, it would work for you.	Knits
Its a pleasure to wear this sweater! it feels like you are wearing a hug! it's that cozy! yet, it's almost weightless, which is nice for me because i get overheated easily. the only slight downfall is that it is dry clean only. i got this in charcoal but both color options are so pretty and you will be pleased how dressed up and flattering they look without giving up comfort!	Knits
Super soft and comfy, with stylish look	Knits
I have to return this top. the armholes are huge. the material is on the thin side and not what i expected. i can't size down. i got an xxs. maybe if i had been able to order a petite, it would have fit better. i ordered the red and i liked the color.	Knits
I too will be returning this sweater. love the style, shape and fabric, but after one wearing it has pilled terribly and now looks old and cheap.	Knits
I was surprised at how much i liked this sweater. i was watching it for awhile and when it went on sale i decided to give it a try. i couldn't decided on the rose or black so i ordered both since they were such a good price, figuring i would return the color i didn't want. boy was i happy i ordered both. the rose is very flattering and the fit is so much better than i expected. i am 5'9' and usually take a large in size. i could have gone down one size, but the front drapes against your body it	Knits
This vest is a really cute idea for layering, so i ordered my usual size medium. and while it fit, it just added about 5-10 pounds onto my frame! ehhh the front just has this extra fabric that you are supposed to bunch up and then tie down, but it just made me look so bulky! sizing down wouldn't have helped as the back would have been squeezed in a small. it's a shame because it seems pretty well made and comfortable too. i'm 5'6", 140, and usually wear a 6 or 8.	Knits
I stumbled upon the blue version in the store. i immediately liked that it was easy, chic, and just different-enough. after wearing it for a birthday dinner, i saw it online and realized that i had styled it almost exactly the same way the blue one is shown. black sandal wedges, silver cuff, silver earrings. it is flattering in an unexpected way, which may be partially because i am really small-chested. the front v is deep compared to what i usually wear, but double-sided tape easily kept my bra	Dresses
I saw the xxs petite in green in my store, adn decided to try this on only becasue it was a petite and in the store. i don't see green as an option nline anymore, so it must have been a old return... it is extremely soft, as others mentioned, and the fit is really flaterring. i bought it then read abou the rebviews, so will see... the fact that i bought the xxs, means it must run big!	Knits
This dress may not be worth the full price of $138 but on sale it is one huge bargain! so easy to wear and so incredibly flattering! seriously, i don't know why it's not sold out at this price! it hides all flaws without looking oversized or bulky. i totally disagree with the reviewer who called this dress "sack" like. found this tts. looks great with pumps or flats.	Dresses
I was not expecting to like this. i tried it on in the store on a whim. it happened to drape beautifully. this will be a great work dress for the summer with something underneath the bring up the neckline. the blue color is soft and pretty.	Dresses
I saw this shirt in store a while ago, but could not believe the price and was not about to spend my money on it. however, when it went on sale and there was an extra 40%, i decided to get it. i like the top, it's cute and fun. however, it does poof out a little in the midline. this top goes great with jeans or shorts, and it is cute, but definitely not worth full price for this.	Knits
Unfortunately, this dress is shaped like a sack and has no shape to speak of. i have sent it back for a refund :( too big, too shapeless.	Dresses
Love the silhouette and coziness of the fabric. for the first few wearings, i was in love. then it began to pill horribly . . . would not recommend. my mother said, "that's going to pill up." and i ignored her. and she was right.	Knits
This is stunning. it's almost snug for a 2 (i'm 5'6, 123 lb) but that might be because it's strapless. it's constructed with a bra inside so you can get away without wearing one. i can't wait to wear this and i'm going to have to find an event good enough to deserve this dress. i feel like audrey hepburn in this.	Dresses
The pattern attracted me to this top in store and when i tried it on, i was pleasantly surprised it has a slight swing shape to it which i love. i'm a 36c/d and normally wear an 8 or 10 and bought this in a large. the front buttons don't peek open and actually lays flat which is unusual for me with button up tops. i'm actually wearing it today with some printed green shorts. the stripes on this top make it easy to mix patterns, too :)	Knits
I bought the deep maroon which is beautiful. absolutely love the softness, length and the casual look. you can dress it up and dress it down. it does run big. i got the medium but could wear the small easily enough. since i am 6 feet tall, i wanted to length to be where it is. the only part i did not like is the 3/4 length sleeves as it is tough when wearing a jacket over it.	Knits
Love this sweater! i have it in the raspberry and the charcoal color. it's so soft and comfortable. looks great with jeans or leggings. it's casual but you can dress it up a bit and you still looked polished. it's a little oversized. only downfall is that it piles easily.	Knits
I think this shirt is so cute. it is well-made. it's a flattering fit, and it's unusual. it still is a neutral though so you can wear it with lots of things. i'm really happy i bought it.	Knits
Looks beautiful in the photo and the color in person is beautiful but it runs so so large that i think even an extra small would be too large for me. just for comparison, and i wish all reviewers would include this, i am 5'5" and weigh 120 pounds. i ordered a medium which a small to medium is my usual size but i ordered the medium because i wanted to have room to wear something under it. i could have worn two sweatshirts under this sweater. unfortunately i have returned it.	Knits
Soft, cozy, and cute, but pilled badly after 1st wearing and now will be relegated to wearing at home only.for this reason i cannot recommend. felt like i wasted my money.i purchased the xs petite ( i'm 5'1". 95 lbs) and i could have gone down to xxs, but i was ok with it being looser.	Knits
Wanted to love this dress, bit it wasn't to be. strange fit, and doesn't drape nicely, as in the photo. also, the blue color was much darker in person. wouldn't recommend.	Dresses
Like the other reviewers said, it has a lot of bulky fabric if you wear it as pictured. i tried it on and tied the string around the back so it's an open vest. i love if!	Knits
The shirt is great, aside from the fact that it runs very large. i ordered an xs when i usually wear a s and it is still very big on me. the color is great though, and the fabric is more comfortable than i expected. i still wear it occasionally with pants or skirts that i can easily tuck it in to.	Knits
So the dress is interesting. has an asymmetrical wrap look, short, sexy length (i'm 5'3" and the petite barely covers my assets), and a neckline that implies sexy without actually displaying the girls- it crosses over and stays closed, but looks sexy and plunging. but the shoulders are what make it look matronly. they're wide- from neck out to the outer edge of my shoulder/upper arm. they show no shoulder at all, which is really an odd design when the rest of the dress is sexy-ish. i looked back	Dresses
This dress is extremely flattering on and looks a lot better when worn than on the hanger. the cut drapes very nicely and is true to size. i am 5 feet tall / 95lbs and the xxsp fit perfectly. it is a bit short however, so i would caution that it may not be work "office" appropriate if you are taller. like most hd in paris dresses, it is also quite thin although lined. this dress would look lovely with a either delicate jewelry or a bold statement piece and is casual enough for a lunch outing or	Dresses
I bought the gray and white to take on a trip. i wore it nearly every other day. looks good layered with a cami or short sleeved t-shirt. also threw on a blazer one chilly night and it looked nice enough to have a dinner out.came home and bought it in red and white and solid white. true to size. not clingy, not baggy and comes down just long enough to cover the tummy.	Knits
I really, really wanted to love this dress. the v-neck plunge is way too deep. i needed to pin it to keep it closed. the blue color was pretty, and the front was flattering, but the back was not. it was super clingy in the back and didn't hang in a flattering way. sadly, i sent it back.	Dresses
I love wearing this sweater, it is unbelievably soft and cozy. usually a sweater like this sits like an unflattering sack on me, so i was pleasantly surprised by how flattering it was on my petite frame. i purchased a grey xs regular in store and i am 5'3" 120 lbs and it was long, but not at all overwhelming. it sat very flattering on my figure and kept me warm at work on this rainy cold day. i wore mine with skinny capri jeans and purple suede kitten heels. would look great with leggings and bo	Knits
I bought this sweater in the gray color and love it! it is so very comfortable, very soft. it looks great with jeans or leggings.	Knits
I love this sweater. i bought it on sale in maroon and it is the most comfortable sweater ever. i like to wear it with leggings. it has a nice, oversize fit and is perfect for "fat" days. or any day.	Knits
I was looking for a top to go with leggings that didn't look like a sack and this is perfect. the v-neck and unusual cut on the bottom makes it more interesting than a typical tunic and the fabric is so snuggly. love it.	Knits
Beautiful piece! the model actually doesn't do this piece justice. it is stunning. a light, yet quality fabric that drapes effortlessly and ties comfortably. great with a white tee and sllm jeans. runs ever so slighty large, but i took my normal size (xs) and for the type of piece it is, it works.	Knits
Pictures do not do this top justice. looks much cuter in person !it caught my eye right away in the store.perfect top for when the weather starts getting a little cooler.	Knits
Just a ginormous, shapeless shirt. runs extremely large. i am normally a medium to large in shirts and the medium was huge. i can only imagine an xs would work and i am no xtra small!	Knits
The fabric is very nice and it is completely lined, except for the sleeves, which are sheer. i expected the dress to be lighter, so wearing this on a hot day won't work. i ordered an xs because of the former reviews it said it ran large and it does. it's roomy, straight, and quite flowy. i wanted a casual non clinging dress and it's just like the picture. it hits below the knee.	Dresses
The detailing on this dress is beautiful. the cotton fabric is good quality and has a nice weight to it. i love the print.as for the fit, i sized down one size because of the reviews, and the s fit perfectly. i am a 34 d, and the dress is slightly snug in the bust and perfectly fitted in the waist. i line dried the dress because of that. the zipper does stick a little at the waist when zipping. i can't wait to wear it.	Dresses
Good quality dress, except the lining is very sheer and thin. the inner strap of the lining ripped when i tried it on, so be careful putting it on. once on, it fits true to size, the lining is nice to have, so i kept it even though the strap ripped. if you are on the fence between sizes i would recommend going smaller to avoid having this style of dress look maternity on you.	Dresses
I absolutely fell in love with this dress when i saw it online, but unfortunately, it just didn't fit right. the bust and bodice not designed for curves, and the dress just didn't fit correctly, i think it would work better on very slim figures.	Dresses
Agree with previous reviewer. i am usually an xs p in this brand (5'3" 115 lbs) but i could not get the internal slip over my head. the chest area was fitted (i am a 32b) but then the skirt was very full and loose. i could have cut out the slip, but worried it would be see through and just not worth it at full price.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to my low-key backyard rehearsal dinner. the dress it's self is beautiful, good quality, and a perfect summer maxi. however, it was way too big. i'm 5'6, 118 lbs, i typically wear an xs/0 and felt like i was swimming in fabric. i loved the style and make of the dress, so i choose to get it tailored.	Dresses
Quality piece except the fit is way off. i have a 32 c bust and long narrow torso, larger on the bottom. i ordered the small. i frequently wear a small/extra small on top and i was busting out of this in the chest area. however, the fit then flares way out from the torso and it just looked dumpy and overpowered my 6 foot frame. i marked it as running small, which it does on top, but then it runs very large on bottom. wanted it to work, but didn't.	Dresses
I purchased this dress while vacationing in florida and cannot wait for the midwest weather to warm up so i can wear it. i am tall (5'8") and love how this dress fits me. i found the slip to work well with the dress and that it was not too sheer. the length was perfect, not too short in the front and just enough drape in the back. i love that the slip is attached so it lines up perfectly.	Dresses
I've been looking for the perfect white eyelet maxi, feels like a perfect summer staple...but sadly this was not it. quality isn't great which is surprise on a $168 price tag. top of dress is lined but cheaply so it's somewhat see through. the dress was returned.	Dresses
This dress is so pretty. the tulle underskirt was a fun surprise and the subtle striping in the dress so classy. the dress is true to size. my main concern was making sure the top part would fit around my chest. it fits perfectly.	Dresses
I received this as a gift for my birthday in the navy blue and it fits great. i'm 5'2 and the petite medium was the perfect length.	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the store and then realized i could get a petite size. i ordered it in a pm but had to return it. i reordered it in ps and it's perfect. i love it for a casual evening out of wearing around town in the summer. it's supper figure flattering.	Dresses
Gorgeous! this dress fit so well and it super flattering. i got it in green and the colors are just lovely. i had to get it hemmed because i'm short and i couldn't find it in petite, but definitely worth the extra cost. i love, love love it.	Dresses
Just received two, the red and the black. the black is a great print, very versatile. both run large, but the black most significantly so. the red is close enough to fitting to keep. the black shows my bra b/c it is so large and the armholes cut far too deeply. (the red also shows a fair amount of the armpit area, but (barely) covers my bra.the material is somewhat thinner than expected, but not so sheer that a skin-toned bra wouldn't be sufficient.	Knits
The print on this is gorgeous, and it's incredibly comfortable. ultimately, i didn't buy it because the length was weird for me (i'm 5'7"); it just looked strange, like it was cutting me off at a weird point.	Dresses
I just purchased this adorable top at my local retailer store, not really expecting to find anything, i saw this one so i tried it on in my usual size small and it fit me perfectly (34d-27-35). i bought the black with the colorful print and think it's even prettier in person. it looks cute with the ties either open or closed and the material is nice and soft. also, the arm holes aren't too large which is always a nice plus:)	Knits
I don't think it's possible to say enough good things about this dress! the fit is beautiful (i'm 5'6", 130lbs, and am a 32h,) the material is soft and swishes around your legs in a delightful way, and the length has all the positives of a maxi dress without dragging on the ground. it doesn't show bra straps. it looks good with either heels or a trusty pair of birkenstocks. the pattern is fun. essentially, it's the perfect summer dress.	Dresses
I bought this item in store, in the loden green color. i absolutely love it as a light winter dress or tunic. the material is thin, but provides a nice coverage nonetheless. it is super duper comfy, and very figure flattering! i wear it mainly as a dress, and looks great with tights and ankle boots. so pleased ordering the other color.	Knits
I like this top. it provides a nice pop to the fall/winter dark wardrobe pieces. the picture gives off a blue hue, but the top is black, kind of a dusty black. the picture also gives the impression that the leaves are turquoise, but they're actually more green. at any rate, it is nice addition to my very dark winter wardrobe. i cannot wait to wear it with white denim like the model and something in the green family. i definitely recommend it.	Knits
I ordered this pullover in green, size large. the color is lovely and the fabric feels great. however, it was tight (even though i often wear a medium). unfortunately it will be going back.	Knits
I love this dress! it is beyond flattering! i tried the south shore dress on earlier this year but found it too short for my taste. this however.. is the same cut on top, but longer in the skirt! yes, please! i purchased the turquoise, which is exactly as pictured! just beautiful! hits at my shins. for reference, i'm 5'6", 136 lbs and ordered a size small.	Dresses
Cute top in theory...ended up looking a little sloppy. the sleeves are a bit too "blousey" for my taste and i really wanted the lace-up to be cuter, somehow. still a cute top, received several compliments, but not for me.	Knits
I ordered this in green when it was on sale and was so excited to get it. i thought the color would compliment my complexion perfectly. i read the other reviews who mentioned this item fit closer to the body than what is shown on the model - i wish i would have listened. while it is a very comfortable piece and stretches, it is a lot tighter than i wanted and because of that it is a bit see through. i didn't want to have to wear a cami underneath and i am pretty curvy. this top does show many of	Knits
As a teacher, it's so great to be able to find dresses that are modest and beautiful, that i can wear to work, as well as on the weekends.	Dresses
I bought the black and love it. i bought both the medium and large but am going to keep the medium. it was plenty roomy. i'm 5'2" and about fluctuate between 125-130 lbs. i usually wear a medium or large in retailer-wear but i like things roomy. have to hide a little extra these days!	Knits
I got this top in the black floral print. the print is very pretty and so is the neckline, but the body is very loose and shapeless. it's not flattering. i think the shirt is a little too short as well. it would be nicer if it was longer. nevertheless, it is a pretty top.	Knits
Wow this dress is very flattering! i have a fairly small waist and not-so-small hips and this dress is slimming. it is also soft, light, airy, gorgeous! exactly what you need on a beautiful spring day! i wore this dress yesterday and have not felt that beautiful in a very long time! thank you so much retailer for the brilliant design:)	Dresses
Purchased this maxi dress in blue print, size petite xxsmall. even in that size i have some difficulty finding dresses that fit. but this one does perfectly. no complaints at all. length is a bit longer than pictured on model, but that's fine for a maxi summer easy style dress. i am quite short besides being petite so this fits the bill. am sure it will be worn quite often for many different occasions.	Dresses
It just isn't that flattering on me. it looks kind of old and dingy, even though it's brand new. it fits fine, but doesn't do much to highlight my curves. it just kind of hangs there. the length is somewhat awkward (i bought the petite version). maybe it would look good on someone tall and skinny, like the model. it's gathered around the stomach area and longer in the front, which reminded me of maternity wear. it does appear to be pretty well made; top part is lined. overall it's not terrible,	Dresses
This is such a darling velvet dress. understated, yet eye catching, i am very fond of it. the cut is flattering to all and the gathered fabric does not add bulk to the waist. there is a fun tulle underskirt to give just the right amount of volume. the straps creep ever so slightly toward being off shoulder, but fear not because there are loops and fasteners to hold your bra in place.i am very thrilled to have found my holiday party dress so early and can't wait to wear it!	Dresses
This dress has a really elegant neckline combined with the wide fitted waist and under-the-bust gathers which really flatter the body. i have a fairly straight body and this dress gives me shape. i usually wear xspetite but the turquoise didn't come in petite and that was my preferred color. so i tried the xxs which i could barely get on and off but once on, it fit fine (34aa, 26" waist, 34" hips). i'd probably be better off with the xs. the length of the regular on me was fine, like a normal ma	Dresses
This dress is the perfect length and so comfortable! it's conservative enough to wear to work as a teacher but also so cute! i'm 5'6" and the large hits right above my ankle. medium fit as well but i wanted a little extra room in the torso.	Dresses
I desperately needed some new work clothes, so i ordered this and a few other shirts online. this was the only one that fit me really well and that i really liked! it's a bit pricey for a tanktop, but it feels really well made. the material is soft and comfortable and the ruffle details and the print are beautiful. the small fits me perfectly (5'7", 150 lbs, 36a) and it's not short like a lot of other shirts i try on, (which my coworkers probably appreciate since no one wants to see me flashing	Knits
This top was much more fitted than expected and was not flattering. i would not recommend.	Knits
This is really a cute top, nice fabric, the print (the version i bought) is lovely though the colors are different than pictured. the problem for me is that i am 5'8", 36b with a longer torso and the proportions were just wrong on my body. the blouse does not have much shape at all and fell a bit too short for my liking, especially in the front. it hit at hip level, as in photo, but would look so much better if it had been a couple inches longer. looking at the other reviews i see that most of t	Knits
This was a bit of an impulse purchase but i'm glad i added it! it's a pretty standard tank, but is thoughtfully and well made. for example, the arm holes are not enormous like they are on some tops. i wish everything fit like this. the cut at the neckline isn't too modest or too low and the fold over of the drawstrings are structured enough that they don't flop over.	Knits
I just received this in the mail and i was so surprised how flattering it is! i ordered the print and i can see wearing this to work, out with friends or for date night! perfect summer tank! comfortable and flattering! a great addition to my wardrobe! it fit true to size for me!	Knits
This dress is gorgeous. flattering, comfortable, and machine washable!for reference i am 5'5 145lbs, 38-30-40 and 34dd. i got the medium and it fits great! only flaw is that the armholes are a little large, but not enough that my bra shows so i am okay with it.	Dresses
This dress is very comfortable. the fabric is really nice and the dress flows when you move. classic and pretty. i ordered a xs and i'm 5'3 135lbs 34b and the fit was great.	Dresses
I really liked the lace up details and embroidery. the sleeves were too long for me and i was not a fan of the elastic on the sleeve...made it tough to push sleeves up. i took to my seamstress and her cut elastic out and hem the sleeve. now its perfect!	Knits
The material was thin, showed every lump you'd rather hide and clung to the body. even the sleeves were tight. looked inexpensive.	Knits
I wanted this dress in the turquoise motif, but it sold out so quickly! i tried on about 10 dresses in my local store and this was the clear winner. i got the blue and white motif, which has enough visual interest with the way the pattern flows across the dress. i found the dress to be slimming and very comfortable. you can throw it on and not think about flashing anything when you bend over, or the skirt flying up in the breeze, or needing a strapless bra. the skirt flows really nicely and over	Dresses
Really cute top, comfy, with just enough flare that it can be dressed up a bit, or worn just casual. not clingy at all...in fact, maybe just a tad too flowy around the middle, but not so much that it kept me from going back to buy it immediately in a second color! i typically wear a large, but suspect the arms on the medium might be a tad small if i sized down.	Knits
I saw this top and loved the pattern. meadow rue is one of my favorite brands for tops at retailer. the pattern is lovely and the fit it tts. this top is comfortable for running errands and can be dressed up too. very versatile for spring.	Knits
This dress looks way better on you than sitting on the hanger! the design really flatters your body and the waist area, makes you look very skinny! highly recommend! the length is also perfect, just the right length for a maxi dress, long enough but short enough to show off your shoes as well!	Dresses
No size fit me. i'm normally a s to m. the small had huge armholes on me and the xs was just a wee bit off somehow. perhaps in length. so i ended up without it sadly. it's really a very nice top and great quality. i was unhappy to leave it behind.	Knits
Got this dress in the blue and cream and it's gorgeous. i love that it's work and date night appropriate, but so comfy. i am 5'4" but have very short legs, so it's hard to find a maxi dress or skirt that doesn't drag on the ground. this floats beautifully above my ankles - a little lower than on the model, but still high enough that i am totally comfortable wearing the dress without heels. i got the small and it fits great. the print is lovely - the cream fabric is speckled in gray dots in some	Dresses
I have this in darker blue and it is my favorite dress of the season. i didn't realize that there was one in turquoise until it was already sold out. please bring back or be so kind to contact me if an xs comes in as a return, etc. i love this so much!	Dresses
The turquoise print is absolutely stunning. i love the feel of the fabric, the drape	Dresses
This dress is more adorable on then sitting on the hanger. the material clings to all the right places and feels really good. i must say this is one of the most comfortable dresses i have ever put on. would never tell from the photo that this dress is so adorable. if you like a fitted dress in the waist and bust that subtly accentuates your curves - try it. adorable!	Dresses
Sticker price was a shock but it is so worth it. it is the best little black dress i have ever owned. the lace is so soft and the dress is flattering. it is fun and flirty. this is a closet staple piece for sure!!! love this dress so much!	Dresses
I really love this shirt and bought it in several colors. i wish it came in white and in black because it's a great basic. i think it also works well for business casual attire.	Knits
Love this t. i now have all the colors. it is so soft and comfortable. great with jeans or dressed up with leggings and boots. and when i feeling lazy i just keep it on and use it as a night shirt to sleep in. it's that comfortable! i found the size to be spot on.	Knits
The deep v doesn't gape, and flatters the neckline, while the waist-high side slits reveal enough to keep this drapey shirt from looking shapeless. the material is so lovely and soft and comfy, but clings in the right places to really flatter, while problem areas get draped in the most perfect way.	Knits
I just picked this up in store the other day! i absolutely love it! it is so easy to throw on real quick for a cute outfit.	Knits
Ordered the nude color for my daughter. love the color and the style. it's a.comfortable looking top. i pressed it before giving it to her. seemed to wrinkle easily. that's why i gave it three stars. probably wrinkle less if it had some polyester in it.	Knits
Hands-down one of the more comfortable shirts i've purchased from retailer.	Knits
I ordered an xxs and it is extremely short in length. another customer had a similar review, but i still took a chance that it would fit well. the sides of the shirt have slits, and because the shirt is too short, it shows the skin on my hips. the rest of the shirt fit fairly well, but i'll still need to return this top.	Knits
Feels great, flows nicely, and love the pockets that hide pretty much everything from a lipstick container to a phone.	Dresses
I was really looking forward to these tees working, after reading the reviews. unfortunately, they had slits on the sides that came up higher than i was comfortable showing my sides just above my jeans. trying to keep it age appropriate.	Knits
Excellent dress. usually i wear a oop, and this did fit great. a little snug in the chest (im a 32c), but the buttons are covered by material so it doesnt show. the waist hits perfectly. there is the right amount of skirt material to make a dramatic silhouette without looking silly. awesome dress! wish the blue or white with icecream were still available! the hot pink is a wonderful summer color though.	Dresses
This dress is very versatile. it is comfortable and very flattering. the armholes were not too big. you do need to wear a bra that crosses in the back if you do not want the straps to show. i purchased the red/pink color and it is very vibrant and not see through at all. the length is great as it is above the knee by a few inches, it accentuates the best part of the leg. it also can be dressed up with heels and jewelry or more casual with flatter shoes. it is a classic style, not trendy so it wi	Dresses
I love my blue dress, i'm a pear shape to the top fit fine on me. i know reviewers complained that the top was too tight, not so on me. it was also not sheer on me because it has a cotton lining underneath. got a lot of compliments!	Dresses
I ordered this dress in raspberry, the color is beautiful in person. i am usually a petite size 2, and it fits perfectly. the only thing about this dress that might drive me crazy is that it seems to wrinkle easily. other than that, i think it's a great dress for summer!	Dresses
I am 5'2" and i typically wear a 2 or a 2p. lately i've been finding that petite is just a little too short to wear with wedges so i often order a 2 as i did in this dress. it fits well and it's flattering. my two complaints are that it gets wrinkly fast and looks sloppy. yes, linen is a wrinkly look and that's normal for linen but somehow this dress just looks sloppy to me. more importantly, while wearing for the first time, i realized that the seams on the side were very lightly sewn and there	Dresses
I have to agree that the fit is unfortunate. i am using a size 2 in retailer and most dresses. i knew to size up based on reviews here. i tried the size 4 and i could barely button the top. the waist fit fine and the underarms was fitted nicely to the body. i sized up to a size 6 and the dress was oversized in the top, with gaping armholes. too bad because the color is beautiful and the style is adorable.	Dresses
Runs small. i'm usually a size sm for retailer clothing (for reference, i'm 5'4, 129lbs, 36b). the tie around the waist of this dress is not a functional tie that you can relax a bit to give yourself more room around the waist. i could not fasten the buttons to close the dress on the size 8. the size 10 fit enough to fasten the buttons but there was a lot of extra fabric and the arm holes were very large. pretty, vibrant colors but size up and be warned of the large armholes.	Dresses
This shirt is thin and probably not worth full price, but it was flattering to my figure. covered my post baby tummy and complimented/minimized my g size chest, but the cut was off. the seams for the arms were almost in the front at the chest, so when i moved my arms i had limited movement forward and it pushed the embroidered panel out and was just irritating. an entire day of readjusting my shirt would drive me crazy. i tried the m and the l.	Knits
This top looks great and feels great. got lots of compliments when i wore it for thanksgiving. i pretty plan to wear this for every holiday event this year and will layer it with sweaters and scarves to mix it up.	Knits
This dress is everything i imagined it would be. lightweight, flattering on my hourglass shape, and comfortable. i am a true 4p in retailer dresses (5'4" 32d, 27 inch waist, 28 denim size) and purchased this dress in a 6 regular. i imagine the petite size would be way too short, as the regular size hit about 3 inches above my knee. might be a problem for taller girls. definitely size up on this one to avoid button gaping.	Dresses
Love this top.the fit is perfection!the fabric is wonderfully soft.i ordered the green, love this color.will be ordering it in the grey also..fits very true to size.	Knits
Gorgeous colors and great shape for a mini dress. stunning on. the only con is how low the back goes. a bra alone underneath is not possible. will need to wear with a finer shirt underneath.	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress because the fit is so flattering and the color is so great however i could not get the button along my bust to lay flat. normally this can happen if the fit is too tight around the bust but i promise there was still plenty of room. the fabric just bent in a way that left a gaping hole at my bust. unfortunately it's going to have to go back.	Dresses
This top is beautiful in the model shot, but average in person. it ran really small, i usually take a medium in retailer tops and ordered this in a medium. it barely fit over my chest, and was pretty short (i am 5'7"). also, the material is very thin, not so much that you can see your undergarment, but if you get cold everyone will know it. also, for the price, i expected a sturdier fabric. i would recommend holding out for sale, if you are interested in this top.	Knits
After reading the reviews, i was a little afraid of the fit before the dress arrived, having ordered it online. it is a darling dress. i am big busted (36d) and it fit just fine. also, it has an cute attached slip, so i didn't find it see through. the color is gorgeous, i chose the blue, and it will be perfect for summer. no problem at all with the armholes!	Dresses
A very beautiful, flattering, and breathable/comfortable mock neck turtleneck that's great for layering. for those unfamiliar with weston, this top - like many of their others - is essentially made of panty hose nylon. it makes for a super comfy and stretchy top, albeit a delicate one. be mindful with your hair accessories and jewelery when wearing this!------i wish the arms were lined - i have a large tattoo on my arm and you can see it through this, and it just looks a little odd when mixe	Knits
Normally, hd in paris brand is spot on for their dresses. this dress is a big thumbs down. as most of these reviewer's and myself point out, the large arm holes do not allow you to wear a regular bra because you don't just get a peak of your bra, you get to see the whole side of it. secondly, the bust of the dress would work only for an a-cup bra, too small for the average woman. the only bright spot with this dress is the brilliant colors available and the quality of the fabric itself - excelle	Dresses
This dress fulfills a gap in my wardrobe that i've long wanted to fill: that of the perfect springtime dress. i got the sky blue color in a size 4 (for reference, i am 120 lbs and 34-26-37) and it fits like a glove. the color is vivid and the overall effect of the dress is simple and romantic. i'll be wearing it with casual cognac sandals, a floppy straw hat, and minimal makeup.	Dresses
I wore this dress to an outdoor farm wedding and it was perfect. it runs small (i'm 5'5" 125lbs with 34c bust) and i got a size 6. i tried on blue and pink, both were great but the blue won me over. it wrinkles easily so i had to use an iron on low to medium beforehand. will wear many more times!	Dresses
This dress is lovely fabric, generaly nicely tailored, but weirdly large around armholes, which gap. i'm sending it back. also this 'red' is more like a fuschia. dress was generally a a bit too big on top, oddly both too long in the torso, and the shoulders cut too far in--they didn't cover bra straps--as well as unattractively large armholes. you can even see it on the model. i i'm a size 10 to 12, fairly busty but not extremely, and with a slightly short torso, which is party the problem (th	Dresses
I had bought the pull over in the same fabric and now this zipper jacket style. so fun and love the texture. i waited for markdown plus promo and it was worth waiting.	Knits
Tried this on just for fun today and ended up taking it home in the glorious blue. many have commented on the sizing issue. for reference i am 5'5, 120 lbs, 32a, slender athletic build. i bought a size 2 and it fits like a dream. no large arm holes, no gaping buttons and the length is perfect. yes it will wrinkle, it's linen. that's part of the look. i feel this will fill a void in my closet that was missing. i was wearing flat ankle wrap espadrilles when i tried it on and it looked super cute.	Dresses
Very comfy dress that you can wear in the summer if it's not too hot and in the fall/winter with boots (tall or ankle).	Dresses
I pretty much am in agreement with the first, original reviewer on here. big disappointment, especially if you have hips and are busty._____________pros:- great breathable fabric.- cute look overall.- sash in front brings it all together.- buttons are hidden under a panel of fabric, which is a nice touch.____________cons:- runs very small in the bust. normally, i can wear a 10 or 12 with most of retailer's stuff. i tried on a 12 and it fit everywhere with entirely too much room i	Dresses
I really loved this dress in the store when i tried it on the color and fabric were perfect for summer but once i got this home i noticed the placket wouldn't lay flat across the bust like shown in pictures. when i went up a size it was too large under the arms so this one will sadly have to go back to the store.	Dresses
On a positive note the dress was very well made, great quality as usual from retailer. however. this dress looked like a sack, i believe it may have been the combination of the drab color and the sack like shape. very plain and unflattering. for reference i am 5 5 140lbs 34c ...so i do have a shape it just did nothing for me. it had to go back.	Dresses
Great fit, easy to dress up or down, lovely shade of blue--this will be my default dress this summer.	Dresses
I needed this dress as soon as i saw it on a mannequin in the store. unfortunately, when i tried on my usual size (4 regular), the armholes were so big that you'd be able to see my bra no matter what. i purchased a 4 petite online later that day. it fits perfectly! i received so many compliments on this dress. a few issues though: (1) this dress wrinkles like crazy. i know it's linen, but i looked like a mess after wearing it for just a few hours. definitely don't wear it to work and expect to l	Dresses
I received this dress in the mail yesterday. right away, i noticed the coloring wasn't quite the same as it appears in the images online. in person, the hints of brown appear more bronzy and shiny, as opposed to more muted. i was willing to look past that, but then i tried it on. i ordered a small, which is my typical size in retailer dresses. it ran quite large and was way to long for me (i am 5' 4''). overall, between the coloring and sizing, this dress wasn't a hit for me.	Dresses
My friend and i bought the same dress we love it so much we get so many compliments great purchase	Dresses
I have had my little eye on this dress since it came out! lucky me i found it sitting pretty in my local retailer lost  found! it runs a tad big, when i first tried it on with the sleeves off-the-shoulder i was disappointed in the length (past my knees); but i tried it on again with the sleeves sitting on my shoulders ... so so darling	Dresses
I bought this for an event, and when it arrived, i realized it was probably too dressy for my event. there are some large sparkly clusters of "stones" that are beautiful, but do make the dress more cocktail attire than i needed. if i had something to wear it to, i would keep it in a heartbeat. the fit is flattering and the quality is reminiscent of old school retailer pieces. there are cups already in the bodice, which is a huge plus imo. it's unique and beautiful!	Dresses
I was so pumped to see a slightly different version of last years, military swing shirtdress, because i loved the idea of it, but it was just was too voluminous and short for me... well, this year, i ordered a size up, remembering that last years dress ran right in the chest and shoulders. i guessed right! this time, in a size up, i had breathing room and was much more comfortable. this dress is also a lot less billowy. there is sting definitely a swing but a much less dramatic version! my issue	Dresses
Fabric is the nice comfortable hh fabric they have been using to make dresses and shirts. it wrinkles a little though. also feel "heavy" though not too warm. i like the collar not being a fold over. teh dress wasn't too short on me (00p) in front, and does go longer in the back (high low) - not an issue for me. i ordered the navyi decided not to keep it only because i don't really need it and they make a similar version every year. but if you don't have it yet, good to have.i am 115 lbs,	Dresses
This is dress is great for an occasion - such as a wedding.i wanted to keep this dress for such occasion - but there were 2 drawbacks. i ordered the dress online and when i opened the package, there it had some sort of oil/petroleum based product smell. the other drawback is the hips - it just flared out more than i wanted. i think that a belt would have solved that, but i usually don't find belts in my size.as for the fit, it is true to size. i'm a true petite and the 00p fit great!	Dresses
I love the weight of this dress, the mod color blocking, the pockets, the detail down the side of the skirt, the cable knit, everything! i wear it with a caramel cardigan and brown booties, it's perfect. it's a sin to pass it up, especially for this price.	Dresses
Maeve once again created another beauty! love, love, love. i purchased the crocheted cape in cream and have received numerous compliments on the dress. get it while it lasts! i typically wear a 4-6 in maeve and got the 6 in this one.	Dresses
I didn't really pay this dress much attention online or even in store. an associate suggested i try it on. it's so much cuter on than it appears online. the button detail is great and i love the pockets. it does bunch up a little but not too bad. i tried on my normal size 2 or 4 and the 4 fit me perfectly. it was a tad long and maybe the petite will be better. i have fairly sensitive skin and the wool pieces were a bit itchy so i had to take it back. but if you aren't sensitive then this is for	Dresses
I saw this dress worn on the street and thought it was lovely, the perfect work dress. i then found it in the store and my size was already sold out, so i visited another retailer, and another to find it. unfortunately the color blocking on the chest was not very flattering for me, it seemed to overly accentuate it. i am 5'9" a 36 dd size 12.the colors, the fabric are all wonderful. but this dress is not for me.	Dresses
I have a closet full of dresses and very few have the quality and attention to detail as this gorgeous dress!often times when ordering online the dress that you actually receive will have a different fabric placement than the online photos.......and it can detract from the overall look.....but the one that i received is exactly as pictured. the gold details hit in all the right places.the quality is shocking! looks like a $2000 dress.true to size however, the chest/bust runs a little big.	Dresses
From the online pics, i would never think to try this on, but i was looking for a shirtdress with pockets, so glad i did! i purchased in green and navy... i love the neck line when buttoned up, almost military jacket'ish and i like the idea of wearing over jeans and a shirt and leaving unbuttoned almost like a light layer or jacket. super soft material... i purchased a size 6 and i am 5'9 and 140 lbs.	Dresses
Unless you have the body of the model - tall and very thin and wear a really small size - don't even think about getting this dress! it's literally a heavy sack. it hit right above my knee in the front and basically mid-calf in the back. the material is nice but it's an awful shape!	Dresses
This dress will take you through fall, winter and spring. i love all the stitching and design detail. it has a nice swingy skirt that is quite a bit longer in the back.	Dresses
I love this dress! it has pockets in front. timeless. fun. dress up or down.	Dresses
There were no reviews when i purchased this dress. from the picture with the model, the dress looks to be a straight shift dress. i received mine yesterday and the dress flairs out and isn't straight. it is also pretty large. i ordered a medium as the smalls were sold out and i'm not sure i will keep it. still on the fence. dress is shorter than pictured as well. sleeves are shorter than shown. now, after having seen the dress and looking at the online picture, i think the model is holding her a	Dresses
Material is heavy enough to provide warmth on a crisp day or evening. add poncho or large warm scarf to keep colder temps @ bay. sure wish this came in blk. i bought mauve & just love it!	Dresses
I'm 5'10", 140lbs and this dress fits exactly like shown on the model. hits right above my knees in front and an inch or so below my knees in the back. i didn't find it to be too blousey at all. i'm more pear shaped so i like that this is flowey around my hips and bum. purchased a size 6 and it fits well over my chest and arms. if you're busty or have muscular arms i can see how this might feel more restrictive. great staple to my wardrobe!	Dresses
Okay, so this top has its redeeming qualities, i promise! which is why i gave it 3 stars when i really wanted to give it two. but it's just not worth 2 because i'm sure it works for some people and the quality is just impeccable. for people who purchase this, it will last forever. it's sturdy cotton, not thin like many retailer tee materials. the lace detail and texture is on point and the neckline is very nice. it's a great looking top. my issue though, wasn't with the bust as other reviewers hav	Knits
I just scored this dress the other day and i don't regret it for a second. the bodice is beaded with some sea-foam green beads and they are sewn on really well, so i am not worried about dropping them all night. from the pictures, i couldn't tell if this was going to look like a cotton skirt or i fit would be chiffon looking-it is neither. it has a shimmer to it which makes this a more dressy looking dress than i was originally anticipating-i thought it was going to be an everyday wear type of d	Dresses
This is a really cute style of t-sihrt. i totally disagree with the reviewers who thought this was too short in the torso and/or overwhelming. i'm 5'8" and about 145 pounds and this fits just fine. (i ordered a size small.) beautiful drape and (i thought) relatively slim cut. the only reason i'm not giving this 5 stars across the board is that the fabric is a little too thin (not sheer or see-through, but not as substantial as i would expect for the price.	Knits
I love this top! its so comfortable and light weight! it drapes beautifully, with an overall loose fit but a little slimmer at the bottom. so flattering! i only wish i bought them in every color before they ran out!	Knits
I loved this top when i first saw it. i tried on my usual size l, and there is no stretch through the bust, so it totally flattened my chest. a few weeks ago i noticed there were some xl's that must have been returned. i tried them on and they fit perfectly! i suggest sizing up if you have a chest, this is a very flattering top and it looks great paired with scarves as a wrap, skinny jeans and boots.	Knits
Now this is a summer staple! love the design of the bib of this tee. super soft, great neutral charcoal color and can be dressed up or down. it is loose, i'd recommend sizing down.	Knits
Got this shirt in black so i can wear it to work. more personality than a plain t-shirt but still comfortable. got lots of compliments.	Knits
This top is super comfy and easy to wear. i found it to be a bit darker tan than it looks online, but still quite cute. it's flowy but still gives you shape, overall it was a great buy.	Knits
The perfect tee. this is exactly what i have been looking for. flattering fit,looks great dressed up or down and has just a touch of unique detail without being over the top, the top is just slightly thin but can definitely be worn without a cami underneath. this reminds me of old retailer tops from several years ago that i just loved and wore to death.	Knits
The photo doesn't do it justice. the detail on the neckline is adorable and looks fantastic with jeans. texture is light and gauze-y, but i don't find it too see-though. sizing was tough- i'm 5'10 but thin on top- usually between xs & s, and went with the xs on this (ordered both to try), sacrificing some length for a more flattering width. great for the sale price!!!	Knits
First, it's huge. i'm not big busted but it's so roomy that i looked like i was pregnant. not exactly what i was going for. nice color and soft fabric but would only work if you plan to tuck it in--and i'm short waisted so no tucking for me. back it went.	Knits
This top is on the boxy side but the design is cute and i love the pink color. the problem i had with this shirt is the huge arm holes. one side you could see the top of my bra, the other side was below the side of my bra. you could also see the inside back of the shirt through this arm hole, it was that big. this went back, will not re-order. i usually order xs or xsp, this was an xsp.	Knits
This blouse was so cute, i really wanted to love it. as others mentioned, there is something wrong with the fit. i'm not a large person, but the top was tight even though i ordered a medium and a small.	Knits
True to size, and adorable. very lightweight, will be great for the long, hot summer ahead!	Knits
I had high hopes for this cool top. i ordered it in xxs because no petites were available at the time, and i think the size is just right (i'm +/- 105 lbs, 34aa). i just suspect it looks better on people with broad shoulders, like the models'; mine are kind of narrow. plus, crew necks aren't the most flattering neckline on me. i would say it's fairly short, just barely covering my belt, so on taller people it may be cropped, and the waist is kind of fitted, as shown. i love that it's cotton, mad	Knits
Received this product with a gaping hole in it. very disappointed in the quality and the quality control at the warehouse	Knits
I liked this top (in black), but it didn't fit me well. had to return.	Knits
So unflattering! really disappointed. made me look 6 month pregnant and i'm a petite size 2.	Knits
I love this top! it does run big and maybe some won't like it with the elastic waist. i think it's the perfect weight and very comfortable. i love the detail around the neck line.	Knits
Lost some extra weight, and decided to venture into styling territory i haven't tried in years. bubble hems will never flatter my thick midsection, but the drawstring with tassel ties make the hemline easily adjustable.size: i'm currently between a small, and xs. the armholes appeared to be on the small side, so i ordered a small. i'm 5'5" tall, ~130 lbs, 34d, 35-29-37, long torso and narrow across the shoulders. fit: the top is tts. the length hits slightly above hips. i didn't need to	Knits
I really loved this top. however, i couldn't get it on. i tried on a medium (my usual size.) it's not that it was too small. something else is wrong with it. the large was way too big. too bad, i really wanted this look.	Knits
This shirt looked cute until i tried it on... worst fit ever. im thin, and this style of top is usually quite flattering, but this one missed the mark big time.	Knits
I love this top! the color is quite unique (a reddish color), but the cut really makes it stand out. i love the square neckline. i feel it accentuates my bust without showing too must breast. i notice a number of other reviewers had an issue with the tightness around the bust: this top looks like it would have ample stretch in the photograph; however, in person you can see that the embroidered area does not have any stretch. for me, this was not an issue, as the top suited my body type well rega	Knits
Very very cute. bought in store yesterday. put it on today to wear and it is huge. i normally buy a large in tshirts. i will return for either a small or medium but will try on in the store. oh well.	Knits
This top was too big for me. 5'4, 135lbs and ordered xxs. fit was fine and wanted it too work, but too overwhelming on me as well. will be going back.	Knits
Fabric is soft,cool and comfortable. love the sleeves as air circulates. this is perfect for new wide legs i purchased. many compliments and purchase inquiry when worn. purchased in two colors.	Knits
Love the detailing around the neck of this top looks great under cardigan or by itself. i sized down to an xs. seems to be of good quality although to lengthen its life i don't plan on putting it in the dryer :)	Knits
I thought this would look great with skirts, but all my skirts are too dressy for this t-shirt. that's really all it is -- a nothing-special t-shirt. and it runs so big! i'm usually a large or xl in tops, but for this one i bought a medium, and it's still too big. i think a small would have been fine. but, as i mentioned, it doesn't go with any of my skirts, so it's not worth looking for a small.	Knits
I didn't know what to put for "runs small, true to size, or runs large," but it required me to put something...i first ordered the xl, and it was ridiculously gianormous. the next time, i ordered a large. i thought the large would either be a perfect fit or still too large, based on how the xl had fit. the large was too tight! i could not believe it! it is too bad, for i love the design and color of this top! i ordered it in the muted red color. if you can find a size that works for you, go for	Knits
I loved the look of this top the moment i saw it in the store, particularly the muted red color. the crochet detail is very pretty and i found the fit to be quite flattering on me. however, part of the crochet detail on the one i received has a hole that needs to be repaired. since i purchased during the sale, i'm going to try and mend myself, but this may end up having to go back. if you see this in store and find one that is not damaged, i would recommend it!	Knits
This shirt runs very large. i will be returning for a smaller size.	Knits
So beautiful! fabric hangs great, lovely detail, fits well and feels great	Knits
I bought this top in slate. it is very nice, looks so flattering and good with a light pant. it runs large though and is loose fitting, like a swing top. i like the design at the top. i will try the mauve in the store. i really like this top and recommend it for casual wear. very comfortable and soft.	Knits
Cute, basic top. it has really great detail at the top and it is a good length (it is not super long/too short). it does billow out a bit at the bottom, so i would size down (this is what i did after reading the previous reviews). i do not think i would have paid full price for this top, but on sale, it is a great deal and a nice addition to your wardrobe.	Knits
I love this! the contrast in much prettier in person.	Knits
I purchased the blue and it's a wonderful deep blueish purple. i like the chiffon detail which makes it a bit more stylish than a normal tee. fits nicely, a bit big but not enough to go down a size. the material is not sheer and a nice light weight.	Knits
The shirt can be a little boxy, so make sure to order your size! the peplum is a great length in the back.	Knits
I am always looking for a shirt that's a little different yet as comfortable as a normal t-shirt (running after a 1 year old i need comfort). i bought two colors and love the vibrant pink/salmon and the dark purple (which i think it said was blue for some reason). the material is nice and the cut is feminine.	Knits
I love this shirt. i ordered a large because i am taller, and i wanted the length to be right. while it's a little baggy, it's still very flattering and i've received lots of compliments on it. the color is exactly what is show in the image. it's a versatile shirt; depending on what you pair it with it can be appropriate for work, dinner, or a night out. i'd definitely recommend this shirt to a friend.	Knits
The fit of the top is true to size, but i really don't like the taupe terrycloth-like sweatshirt under the white lace. the white lace is bright white and seems very sturdy, but it makes the sweatshirt underneath look very dirty and very noticeably taupe. it is terrible paired together. i also didn't like the feel of the terrycloth-like fabric against my skin. even though this is a good quality piece with a lot of interesting detail, i'm absolutely sending it back.	Knits
The melon color is soft and flattering. it is a little on the long side in the back, but i paired it with a lightweight, flowy sweater, and received compliments.	Knits
This dress is an absolute attention getter. it's incredibly unique, and fits beautifully. i'm very short, and often have problems pulling off this much pattern, but this dress was just right.	Dresses
While this top is pretty, it's very unflattering. it just looks so boxy on me that it makes me look heavier. too bad, because i really wanted to like it.	Knits
I wanted to love this shirt. the fit was a little off and i wish it had come in a little at the waist to be more figure flattering before it flared out. the fabric is nice but wrinkles easily and in the white is see through.. sadly i will be returning.	Knits
Love this dressed up casual tshirt. perfect casual friday shirt or going out for happy hour with the girls.	Knits
Bought this dress to wear for my engagement brunch! it does run big, but it's a laid back dress to wear?i never had to adjust the dress of myself while wearing it.	Dresses
Beautiful dress! flowers and material look even better in person. loose fit.	Dresses
First, let me say that the photo does not do this exquisite print justice! the fabric is worth framing! on a white ground, the tones of rose, pink, purple and touches of blue make it even more fabulous! the fit is a tad large, as i am 5' 3" and usually an size 6, but must size up to 8 or m because of my chest. even zipped, it is a tad big, but nothing that i cannot deal with. i don't really see the swing in the dress, as it does not flare out in any way, but is certainly is loose and flowing, bu	Dresses
So i bought this, even after seeing the other reviews. because i love the designer and their things are normally cute and different. this fits just as others describe. it was not flattering to me at all, 5"2. had to go back.	Knits
I immediately picked out this in the taupe color at the store. the black was pretty basic looking, but this color is gorgeous. it's quite flowy on me (i wear an xs/s most places but usually small in tops here) the sleeves stretched out a bit after a day of teaching too. one of my favorite tops at retailer right now!	Knits
I tossed this in my bag (online) at the last minute thinking i'd give it a shot. so glad i did. this is dress is so simple and so much more flattering then i expected. you can dress it up or down. i wish it was about 1/2 inch longer but still a good length for me (things are always too short for me). the material could be a little thicker but then i suppose it would lose the bounce that is so key to the flow of thing with this dress.	Dresses
Pretty shirt on the hanger, but there's a goof in the design. when i tried it on my 3d self, there became this weird ruffle right beside/below the bust that you can barely see in the right of the photo, now that i know it's there. the tulip nature of the shirt is pretty in concept, but where the top layer starts makes the fabric stick out right by your bust and it's not flattering, and i'm just a 34 b.	Knits
Simple, classic, figure flattering, and reasonably priced!	Dresses
I ordered a small from the online shop knowing it would be drapey, but it's much more than drapey. and the front draping looks like halloween costume material - not chic or sophisticated. sadly, i will be returning this top.	Knits
Dress is much different in person. thin ribbed cotton. a little tight for xl.  it looks like a throw back dress from contempos. returned and would not recommend	Dresses
This is a great top, not cheap but funky! it would look nice on any figure. the two blacks on my top are more alike than the picture shows. great value for a pretty party top - but it can go anywhere!	Knits
Love this top! it is almost universally flattering, and washes beautifully. it is as easy as throwing on a sweatshirt with leggings, but soooo much better! if you are on the fence on this one, i highly recommend you give it a try.	Knits
I tried this shirt on in store, and loved it! it has a flattering fit and is very comfortable. i read some other reviews about the quality not being good, i don't feel that way at all. the knit and the silky/satiny materials both feel like quality to me. the one concern i have is that it may wrinkle easily. i'm 5'4'' and 125lbs and the xs fits well. i plan to pair it with skinny jeans.	Knits
This tunic is a perfect length for leggings. the mauve color got rave reviews on my first wearing. and the mixed media and asymmetrical styling gave the garment a unique appeal and made it quite flattering. however, when i wore it a second time, i noticed two micro holes in the sleeve. one near my wrist and the other at the shoulder. since i take extreme care when laundering my clothes, it seems this will have to be a return as the jersey knit is not strong enough to hold up in the delicate cycl	Knits
I love this dress! i was so excited when i saw this hanging in my local retailer, just one in my size (it must have been a return). i tried it on and fell in love with it! i am 34b bra size, 130 pounds, 5'9 tall and an xs fits me great! i didn't find it to be tight on top for me, as other reviewers have said, and the skirt is very flowy. i have worn this dress so many times since i bought it and have gotten compliments on it each time. i bought the green color-- its a beautiful print, and usually	Dresses
This is a heartbreaker! love this dress's colors, length, flow, beading, and style but its extremely tight in the shoulders and bust. hate to see it go back....	Dresses
I was recently asked to be a speaker at an important fundraising event for homeless & abused women in our city. i wanted to appeal to the affluent crowd by my physical presentation, and let my words follow with a heartfelt presentation of the value & worth of these precious ladies.retailer has continually helped me present polished & professional, yet still show my personal style & inclusive nature.it gives me that extra edge of authenticity & encouragement to do the most w/what has	Dresses
I highly recommend this dress!!!!!! i was a little nervous about purchasing this dress online because previous reviewers were saying that it creates static, but nothing that a little static guard couldn't prevent! :) i purchased a medium petite and i am about 5 feet tall, usually a size 8 in dresses and it fit perfect! (wore for thanksgiving) the fabric and style are very forgiving and the dress sort of flows with you when you walk, which i love!!	Dresses
This dress is very flattering on and can easily be dressed up or down. i was nervous it might be too flowy, but it lays very nice and is so pretty on!	Dresses
It just didn't work for me. i don't know if it is my fair complexion and untanned legs, but this dress was a strike out. the orange floral design and beading is beautiful and the fitting i would say is pretty tts. for reference, i am 5'7" and 145lbs with 36" 30" 40" measurements and i purchased a medium. the chest and arms were not too tight like other reviews stated. the length is about the length in the picture and a lot of fabric to make it very flowy. overall, very good quality and beautiful	Dresses
This shirt is super comfortable and super chic. it looks great and feels great.	Knits
This is the perfect top. it is adorable, and the fit and cut of it is forgiving.	Knits
Perhaps i have gotten too used to flowy shirts, or the cut of this was not right for me, but it felt too fitted around the rear end and the shoulders didn't lay right on me. sizing up would have only made it too big in the shoulders so i returned. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame and ordered a size small.	Knits
Although it was a bit of a battle with my bra straps, it was completely worth it for date night. hot shirt! very comfy and quality fabric. next time, i may just pin or tape my straps...	Knits
I was so excited when i ordered this, i love comfy clothing this looked perfect! when i received it, there was a weird smell with the top. convinced that this could be from storage or something, i washed it. the smell did not go away. i have washed it 3 times now and the smell will not disappear! i have not yet worn but as i have washed it, not able to return it. the top looks and feels great - just the weird smell. now i am 'stuck'!!	Knits
I purchased this in the red (really more of a brick color) and wore it so much that i went back to get it in black too! i received a ton of compliments when i wore it! the fabric is a nice weight and it hangs beaufully. looks great over skinny jeans or leggings. i plan on wearing it year round!!	Knits
I love this tank. i got it in the turquoise and just ordered the blue. this tank is indeed linen and does not wrinkle. it's fitted without being too tight. i have a somewhat shorter torso and narrow waist and athletic build and this looks great! i'm not a fan of flowy tops in general so thrilled to find this easy, casual piece. i ordered an xs but am usually either xs or s in retailer.	Knits
Love this top! red color is a bit orangey for my taste but overall a fabulous piece.	Knits
So glad i purchased this top! it has great style and can be matched with just about everything. the material is very soft and it seems really durable.	Knits
This is a nice shirt and very flattering. the ivory is actually more of a tan/brown- i would not call it ivory or off white. the material has a nice texture to it as well. it does run big and long so keep that in mind when purchasing.	Knits
I ordered these in both colors. the red is much deeper in person, more like a burgundy than pictured here. these tees are very slouchy. if you wanted a more fitted look, size down. these are very soft and very comfy and will pair well with ponte leggings and skinny jeans. the overall quality seems very good, although they are thinner than i thought they would be (they seemed like they would be thick and stiff to me based on the photos).----------overall these are very nice. but there is one is	Knits
This top was surprisingly very flattering. it hugged my curves in just the right way and the slits on the side are a nice touch. i'm 5'2" and about a 34c and the xs was tight (in a good way) around my chest and then more flowy after. soft material and the red color is beautiful!	Knits
I ordered the red and am watching for my size in the green to come back into stock. i was already expecting my bra straps to be exposed, not a big deal as with shoulder length hair it covers them so i found this top to be exactly as pictured/described. it fits like it looks on the model and i thought the color to be spot on. i have washed it once in the washer on cold and dried only for a few minutes on low as i like to do with delicate knits to regain shape and i think it looks as good as it di	Knits
Love this top. makes me look slimmer, comfortable as well	Knits
This top is perfect for wanting that fall/winter look in warmer climates. the slits on the sides allow for a lot of movement and turtleneck is just right. i love wearing it with my paige bell canyon flairs and some clogs! my only thing i wish was that it was cut in so much at the top, as how you can see at the model's armpit, wish that part was a little wider it would be a bit more flattering. otherwise great top, i have it in black and been thinking about getting it in the orange color too!	Knits
I work with children and have a casual dress environment, this top gives me much needed style to my work wardrobe.	Knits
I tried this top in the store and i really like it. i am 5'2", 34b with wide shoulder, tried on my usual size s in both colors and they both fit fine. however, i found that the ivory one fits a little bit loser compared to the blue one (by the way, the blue looked more like dark grey in person). the length of the ivory one seems to be a little bit longer than the blue one as well. since it is a drapery top, i like it to be roomy, so i purchased the loser/longer ivory one. it looks great with a j	Knits
Cute and comfortable top. very cute top that i will have to wait a few months to wear (until it is cooler out), but a great piece to pick up for a nice price! it is soft and comfortable with a generous amount of room, but not where you look too big. i ordered it in the blue, but really it is like a dark gray ? which does not bother me.	Knits
I bought the orange color. i had a hard time styling it as it is so long. since it is a turtleneck and short sleeve, you'll need a jacket or sweater on top. nothing looked right. it has a relatively high and tight neck, so sweaters looked weird. short jackets didn't work either. i'm 5'4" and bought the small. returned it for the charente cowl neck which worked much better	Knits
I sized up to a medium from a small and was glad i did. the top drapes nicely and the fabric is soft. 5'7" 140 lb 32 b, usually a small on top.	Knits
This is a very beautiful summer dress with plenty of lightweight fabric. i loved the colors and the design. i know that some other reviewer complained that this is polyester, and it is, but it feels like chiffon. the only two complaints i have are- 1. the dress is large, so go a size smaller than you would normally, and 2. this is dry clean only! if this is polyester, why would they suggest that it should be dry cleaned only? that is going to take a chunk out of the budget to get it cleaned. oth	Dresses
I love this to throw over leggings, covers your butt. great fabric and quality. i bought white and gray, after they arrived i knew i needed a black one, but, sadly, it doesn't come in black :(i ordered xs, and it's roomy. size down for sure.	Knits
I ordered two colors and was happy with them both. i wear tanks under many tops in the warm weather as so many are sheer. i like a layered look, and having layers to peel as needed. these tops are great on their own as well! i recommend them to anyone wanting swing and extra length. really love the fabric too!	Knits
I saw this dress in the store tried it on and , love! it is so hard to find a white dress that is not too fancy or frilly. this dress fits great and flatters my full figure (size 12 to 14), plus it has pockets! the woven material with the big fun flowers is accented by the plain band at the bottom which falls just above the knee. the center of the flower adds a nice three dimensional touch. i brought it in a large and i will wear this lovely feminine flirty beauty all spring and summer. from fun	Dresses
I wanted to like this top, as the fabric was nice and thick, but found that it dipped too low beneath the armpits, which would be ok if your lats are in perfect shape, but i've always found that cut made mine look a bit saggy (and i'm not heavy). not great enough to keep in my opinion.	Knits
I bought this in white at my local store. great staple to wear in the heat of the summer or as a layering piece. i bought my normal size medium and it fits loose and flowy. i wore a nude racer back bra and felt comfortable without a cami. great basic addition to my closet.	Knits
Quality fabric, nice fit and style. it's not sheer, which is ideal for such a lightweight tank for summer. i like the flowiness of the top, makes it comfortable, and super cute with fitted jeans	Knits
This is a great top and it fit me very nicely but it's much longer than it appear to be in the picture. i'm 5'2 and it was more like a tunic than a tank on me. if it were shorter it would be one of my favorite staples i'm sure. if you're very tall i think you will love it.	Knits
I bought the white in a m, one size down from my normal. i could have gone with a s, given the swingy shape and forgiving nature of the linen. it is very light and comfortable. the length is a tunic on me, at 5'6", so keep that in mind. if you dry it in the dryer it will shrink for sure. i never recommend drying linen knits in the dryer because they will likely develop holes. i love this tank and will probably buy another color or two. if they get black or grey i will def. buy another one.	Knits
I got this shirt in stores because it went on sale! i was excited to wear it, but it felt a little long on me. i decided that after a regular wash, it would help it. after washing, it shrunk way more than my other retailer clothes! now the arm straps feel really tight and the fabric lost its flowy-ness. it's a classic shirt, but it may not be worth the price for the quality of the fabric. be careful when washing.	Knits
This is one of my favorite tanks i have ever worn. the swing style means you can wear it with any pants, and the straps are wide enough to accommodate a serious bra. i usually wear an l/xl but am wearing a m in these, so definitely size down at least once. you will love this!	Knits
I purchased this top in white and lavender. the white is very nice, soft and semi-sheer but not completely see-thru (fine with a nude bra). it is a swingy fit and slightly longer in back than front, but i expected that. i purchased a medium and it's plenty roomy. i am usually between a medium and large in retailer tops so i would consider it tts for a very relaxed fit. the lavender fits slightly looser and the hem is really uneven. it looks in some of the photos like this might be intentional, b	Knits
Simple style with a great fit. love the pink, mustard, and cream colors together. fits true to size.	Dresses
I'm fairly petite and was not expecting this to be as long as it was on me- it's actually great for leggings or skinny jeans though- good quality material too!	Knits
Love this tank! so easy to throw on quickly and still look out together!	Knits
This top is overall very flattering! i am petite but large chested and the small fits great in the front, although it bunches a little bit in the back where the tag is - i think because of the crossing straps but nothing that will gender me from wearing it. i got the pink and i do wish it were a little more pink - it's so light that it almost looks white. overall i am happy with this sale purchase!	Knits
This tank fit perfectly and goes with everything, will be purchasing in more colors!	Knits
This dress is so much more stunning in person than in the photos. it's incredibly flattering, and i like how it pans out at the bottom. it also has pockets! although it has a built-in slip, it is a little see-through, so keep that in mind, otherwise, i can't wear it enough.	Dresses
I bought the red and white. both tank tops were a nice, thick material- definitely high quality. i was hoping there would just be a little bit of swing at the bottom, just enough to be loose and flattering. but there is a ton of extra fabric at the end, which with a larger bust wound up edging into looking a little maternity. but i think it'd be great on you if you tend to do well with very drapey or swingy tops. it runs a touch big- im normally between a small and an xs, and the xs was not even	Knits
This is a beautiful long midi blazer that happens to feel like a sweatshirt. buy it! you'll look super classy and put together. i wear to work and going out. i've been noted to also curl up in bed wearing this because it's so comfortable and i forgot to switch into a sweatshirt. note i'm on the short side so the "blazer" ends up being a little longer for me. i happen to like it because it gives it a little more formalness of a longer coat while still being spring weight (jersey/terry on the	Knits
So disappointed in the abundance of polyester fabrics that retailer carries these days. especially at this price point. the pattern and style of this dress is beautiful, but i will never spend two hundred dollars (or even half that) on a poly dress. please add more linen, cotton, and silk!	Dresses
For me this had too much material and was a little too tent like. a beautiful dress but not my style. i prefer more a line with not so much material.if you are looking for something roomy this is a good choice.	Dresses
It feels soft and like a good quality. however it really does run large and long. i was looking for a loose tank but this one was almost a tunic on my short height and even with a cardigan to give it a shape didn't work out. i also thought it would shrink in the dryer but it didn't. also wrinkles easily.	Knits
I somehow overlooked this online and saw it in the store. i am a 10/12 or m/l. i tried on the medium and it was tight in the bust but fit great in the waist. i ended up ordering the large online. the large felt good but a tad big in the waist. it hit my true waist though and looked good. i then noticed the straps were agustable. i wonder if i tried the medium and loosened the straps if it would have worked. either way i love the dress, so pretty and flowy. i wasn't bothered by the fabric and did	Dresses
Love at first sight (via the internet); upon arrival, i was on the fence..the fabric is slinky and loose; so much so that i should have ordered a medium instead of a large(perhaps then the dress would have then been more of an a-line fit vs. an over sized dress with no body).the lower section of the sleeves is attached intricately to the upper arms;every slight movement of the body is followed by a slight tug at the sleeve/arm cloth;otherwise, when the arms are extended, the sleeves do hav	Dresses
This dress is lovely- exactly as pictured on the site. love the colors/pattern and received so many compliments when i wore it to a brunch party. could easily be dressed up for an outdoor wedding. it definitely runs big- i am usually an 8/10 and originally ordered in a large. was way too big, so had to exchange for a m and there was still some room. make sure you size down!	Dresses
This dress is very comfortable, very flattering and just lovely. my only critique is that the skirt is more rust colored in real life, where on the website it looks more red. and the bodice looked a bit more peach/pink in the picture. still a beautiful, interesting, well made and extremely comfortable dress. thanks retailer! i am 5'9, 155# and the m is great.	Dresses
This velvet maxi dress is what fall dreams are made of. it fits very true to size and is the perfect length, about to ankles. the material is soft and had so much subtle details in it... gorgeous! once the weather cools a bit it will also pair nicely with tall boots, and an undershirt. i plan on rocking this all fall and winter!	Dresses
I love the look of this dress on the hanger in the store and in the pics on the model. but i purchased my usual size 0 in petite ( i am 5 ft 2 in.). it was very form fitting-too much for me- and had little gaps near the waist that i attributed to it being tight the hips. i exchanged it for a 2 petite and that was too large and gaped in the top and waist. for reference my measurements are 32-26-35. so i am going to deduce from my experience and the other reviews that this dress might be best sizi	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous in person, but its very, very, very fitted. i wear a size 8 in most retailer dresses. i ordered the 8 and its not an option, not even with control undergarments. i sent the 8 back and re-ordered in a size 10. i wouldn't be surprised if i need the size 12. i hope it works because this is a beautiful dress. the pattern is stunning. the red is a deep brick shade. the fabric is thick, but not too thick to prevent transitioning from season to season. as other reviewers said, i am	Dresses
After reading the glowing reviews i was excited to buy this on sale. i'm tall and lean, but found the dress looked slightly awkward and off on me compared to the model pictures. firstly, the top has a strange transition to the skirt, with extra fabric you have to either blouse over the skirt or bunch together. if you blouse it and lay flat, it invariably gets bunched as you wear it. this bunching changes the aesthetics of the color blocks, creating less clean lines. i also found the blue, black	Dresses
This is a super cute, adorable and flattering maxi. it's very comfortable and soft. i stayed tts in this dress... the length hit just right .. ...perfect for summer	Dresses
As part of the over 60 crowd, i rarely wear dresses any more - but this called out to me.. and it didn't disappoint! i ordered the plum - true to size and and color. i usually wear a medium and it fit perfectly. i liked the previous review suggestion and i will also wear this with boots and t-shirt to get more use out of it as well as dressing up.it's a real keeper.	Dresses
I debating this dress for a long time. i just was hesitant because it is very form fitting. i think this dress runs true to size. after reading other reviews, i was debating ordering a 6 (i'm normally an 8). and i am glad i went with the 8. it is form fitting. the material is just absolutely beautiful and not stiff. it is a bit thicker, which will be nice in the fall. colors are true to the pictures shown and length falls as shown on model.	Dresses
So versatile and comfortable. i plan adding this into my rotation year round under a jacket or cardigan during the colder months. if you prefer baggier fit, i would suggest going up a size.	Knits
This dress is really attractive in terms of the pattern and the neckline. but the dealbreaker for me was the lack of darts in the back hip area--so that the stretch fabric really hugs the full curve of your booty. a size larger gave me bagginess in the top and a still snug fit in back that i just didn't feel comfortable about. some darts could have made a nicer fit here. but this is a a great dress if you don't mind a super body con fit.	Dresses
I ordered this dress with great expectations after coveting one in a store, but unfortunately it did not work for me. the fabric is a stretch cotton jacquard which is absolutely beautiful, and the colors are gorgeous. i do not think it runs big, i sized up and it still fit me like a sausage casing. if you are tall and thin with no bulges, this dress is for you.	Dresses
I love the colors of the teal dress, but i wish that the top only had one color. the design is cute but the construction is a little off. the transition from the top to the skirt seems to lay wrong or have a bit of extra fabric. sizing up or down didn't help. the top is lined but the bottom is very thin. the bottom should be lined too. not the best.	Dresses
I ordered this dress in the orange and it is a perfect addition for my closet. its comfortable yet classy. i did order a size up and went with the medium because i am a dd. so glad i did because the top part of me stays secured. if i went with the small, i am afraid i would be falling out. it is long but i will take to a tailor and have them make some adjustments. its a versatile dress and can be worn at events or just for hanging out in.	Dresses
This dress first caught my eye because of the beautiful color combination. and when i tried it on, i was sold. it's super soft and comfy and just the right amount of coverage.	Dresses
I bought the black version of this dress. looks exactly like the picture and is true to size.	Dresses
I just bought this adorable top in the black motif and was surprised by how good it looked! it runs tts (34d-27-35) and got it in my usual size small. it's very soft, the print is so cute, the arm openings aren't too big and the length is just like on the model, not too long or short. i think it's even cuter in person and i like the price point. a very sweet top so worth a try!	Knits
I really like this. it's not too baggy and not tight. it drapes nicely. and the pattern is a bit dainty without being frilly.i love this blouse.	Knits
I really like the red version of this shirt. it will add a pop of color under a blazer for work or it can be easily accessorized with a necklace, for the weekend. i am 137 lbs, a 34d chest and the small fit me perfectly.	Knits
I want this in every color! fits tts...so comfortable, flattering, and fabric feels like it will hold up well (fingers crossed). love love love.	Dresses
I so wanted to love this dress, despite the reviews. when i opened the package i fell in love with the fabric. the print is absolutely beautiful and the fabric feels luxurious. the dress fit perfectly but there was just too much fabric (even though i absolutely loved the fabric). the flowing overlay was just too much. i am returning it.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous! i sized up from my usual 6 to an 8, cause i'm not much for form fitted dresses. however, it was still pretty body con for me. i passed in it for now, but in the future i might try a 10 petite?? the color is a nice brick red with a textured whitish pattern. and it is soft ... like i wanted to snuggle up on the couch in it, but i had to refrain! i've been having bad luck with zippers from retailer dresses recently, but this one was smooth sailing and pretty too! the length wa	Dresses
This top is beautiful in both colors, it was a difficult decision at the store. i went with the black, and my usual size s fit well with a little room, but in no way overly baggy. i tried on the xs which also fit but was a little constricting. the quality is excellent and i highly recommend this top. 1 question i have however, is that the online description says machine wash, however my tag states dry clean only. just curious if anyone has hand washed this yet? otherwise, it is a beautiful, comf	Knits
I ordered the xxs p as this dress is not a fitted dress, and that was the right size for me. only thing is the length is a bit linger still 9lower on calf for me), the straps are almost tight, so i would say the dress is a reversed taper shape. color is beautiful, i ordered green as the other color (plum) doesn't have petite available. green is rich, and classy, the fabric is surprisingly soft. i love the little details in the velvet. definitely need a strapless bra for this one.115 lbsm 30d	Dresses
If i had to describe on two words, that would be it. the material is not a stiff no-give material, nbut rahter a soft stretchy material, with some depth (the design has "grooves", not sure how to explain it#. if you are short, i would definitely go with petite though, it was a little too long on regular size and hit in the "wrong" spot on my calves. very flattering, and nice cut. i dind't order yet as it is new and i jsut bought a few dresses... but in my basket forh te next "sale" :) #if they s	Dresses
Nice cut but 6 inches too long and no petite sizes available.	Dresses
The pictures don't do this dress justice. it is fantastic! the fit is perfect and it is super comfortable while still looking polished. a must have dress!	Dresses
I love this top so much! the fit is super flattering and forgiving in the tummy area-win.	Knits
I love this maxi dress. it is fitted up top and very maxi like on the bottom. it was to much fabric for me, the dress made me look heavier than i am. i am 5'9' and 160. i fit in the medium. the dress just didn't do anything for my body type - curvy. i think you need to be fairly lean to look nice in this dress. sadly, i had to return. maeve makes great maxi's, unfortunately they don't fit me correctly.	Dresses
This dress is simply gorgeous. the slit is just right, the colors are great, and most of all the fabric is very comfy! i highly recommend!	Dresses
I ordered this in the neutral motif and the colors and design are more beautiful in person. unfortunately, there were no "petites" available when i ordered so i will have to have the length and slit tailored.	Dresses
This dress is stunning - the cut, the color (mine is a dark green, not purple as pictured) and the material are all super unique and gorgeous. i first tried on a medium but it was a little too large - the small fit perfectly and still has the loose romantic look intended. i can't wait to wear this piece with a suede moto jacket, or even denim for a casual funky look. love!	Dresses
I love white for summer and by august i am tired of wearing sleeveless...so this caught my eye. it is very easy to wear and pretty on. i wore it with black tie up shoes and accessories. super comfy & stylish.	Dresses
Love this top so much that i bought it in both colors. the fabric is wonderful and the pleated front is a nice feature. i also like the fabric covered buttons. you can button this top all the way or leave the top few buttons undone. either way, it looks cute. i especially like that it looks great under a blazer or cardigan and will look good uncovered when the weather heats up. great quality and features for the price.	Knits
I ordered this online and really loved the picture. when i received the dress, it was lovely, but the color was more purplish-plum than red, and the fabric was super thick and a little too stiff. i was still hopeful, but when i tried it on, it wasn't flattering. the lines of the dress are very sculpted -- for example, the waist nips in, which would be good, but the place it nipped in was not at my waist (i am very short-waisted with longer legs and often have this problem with dresses). often wi	Dresses
Love this dress. i bought is for a tropic vacation my husband and i went on and it was great. i got so many compliments while wearing it, and it was comfortable! dress is a little roomy in the top, but not enough to prevent me from wearing it. i ordered a medium.	Dresses
I was nervous about this dress, as when i ordered it there were no reviews yet...and shortly after they, they started coming in and were only negative. yes it runs pretty big (i'm usually a large/12 but could tell from the model it would run big) but it's supposed to be loose. i wouldn't say it's the most flattering - but you can tell it's shapeless from the picture! it's a great casual dress, perfect for hot days when i don't want my clothing touching my skin.	Dresses
This is a beautiful, flattering dress, however i can't decide whether to keep it or not! as a few other reviewers has mentioned, the transition between the "top" and the "skirt" is a bit off - it's like there is some extra fabric there, and the weight of the skirt pulls it down, making it a little awkward/bunchy. i thought it may have been showing up because i am larger chested (36d), but you can kind of see this on the teal dress image, under the chest where there is an extra fold. i ordered th	Dresses
This dress is stretchy and soft, a great length, and an out of this world pattern. it will probably be flattering on every body, but it certain flattered mine.	Dresses
I bought this to wear for my baby shower at 34 weeks. i was able to buy it in my size and still get a great fit, and the skirt hits right at my bump with the band just above it. great option for expecting mothers that can be worn after baby, the top is also snug enough to feel like it covers properly (could be too snug if you are large chested though).	Dresses
I really love this dress, just not on me! i am very curvy, with a rounder stomach. i normally wear a 10 (5'8, 160lbs), and the 10 fit, but it is so fitted that i didn't like how it showed everything. if i had a flatter stomach, i would have kept it, but it just doesn't work on my body style unless i wanted to constantly be pulling it down (it was riding up a bit). the fabric is great, the color and pattern are so lovely i almost ignored my instinct and kept it anyway (my boyfriend, who is picky,	Dresses
I really loved the uniqueness of this dress, and i was hoping to be able to wear it to work, but it was just a little too fitted for the office!	Dresses
After reading the reviews, i had high hopes for this dress but was disappointed that it wasn't flattering on me. i'm 5'4", 126 pounds and generally wear a size small, but the small of this dress looked more like a maternity outfit on me. it squeezed the bust a bit too much, and left open some of the areas just under the arms that could probably have used a teensy bit more coverage to be truly flattering.	Dresses
I was disappointed with the style and quality of this dress. it poofs out funny in the waste and it just looks very unflattering. i'm sending it back.	Dresses
Just as breathtaking in person . . . and in a totally comfortable, soft, stretch fabric. i'm 5' 8" 120 lbs. 34b; purchased the size 0 and 2 for comparison; decided on size 2 as the size 0 was really tight in the chest area--meant only for the tiniest! the dress is long on me and i'll likely get it hemmed up a bit so it hits just above the knees--but i'm grateful it's too long (something i can fix) rather than being too short.	Dresses
This dress pattern and material are great - it's just way too big. i even tried an xs and it looked like a huge sack on me. too bad, it had some real potential.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous! i bought the patterned dress and it has the perfect colors for the season. the pictures just do not do it justice. plus it is incredibly comfortable. this dress could easily be dressed it up or down and is perfect for someone who is curvy on top. i can't wait to wear this on a date!	Dresses
This dress is so gorgeous! it fits perfectly, is stretchy, wonderful, comfortable, and the fabric is nice and thick with beautiful texture. i absolutely love it! i'm 5'6", 125 lbs, with a pretty athletic build, and it fits like a dream! i love the color, the fabric, the fit, the stretch, the comfort, the sexyness of it..... it's my new favorite! highly recommended!	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear as a casual summer staple. i like classic things with a twist, and this fits the bill. it is nice quality, and the colors are vivid. it is slightly tight in the bust line for me, but it is not retailer's fault that i am a bit too busty for this dress. i'll deal with it. otherwise, the dress is nice quality, and will come in handy throughout summer. the price is right, so grab it!!	Dresses
I had high hopes for this tunic for an upcoming ny trip - to look stylish and beat the heat. it is huge. the tunic swallowed my whole. it came down nearly to my knees (i'm 5' 6) and it was gigantic - shapeless and did not look stylish at all. on the model it looks like it hits mid-thigh. i am a size 10 - and the l was like a giant trash bag on me. if i had time, i would try the medium,...	Dresses
This was a nice dress, but it wasn't quite was i was looking for. the cut made me look too "hippy". maybe for someone that has no hips at all?	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and classy, well made, the fabric is thick and substantial, soft and stretchy. unfortunately it did not work for me at all, i'm somewhat thick in the middle with a few "lumps and bumps", and this dress was not forgiving despite the thick material. i normally wear size 12 or large, i actually ordered a 12 online which i didn't receive yet, but i tried on a size 14 during an unexpected trip to the store (12 was not in stock) and it was just not flattering, showing all my mi	Dresses
This dress is nicely made , fits well and is the right length.	Dresses
The colors are beautiful and the fabric is very soft and comfortable. i will be returning because of issues with length and being low cut.for reference i am 5'5 145lbs, 38-30-40, 34ddd. the dress was low cut and showed too much cleavage for my comfort, but this may not be an issue for women with smaller breasts (or if you don't mind some cleavage showing). this length was also a bit too long, so if you are 5'5 or shorter you may want to order the petite size.	Dresses
You can't exactly tell from the picture, but this dress has a skirt that bubbles a little at the bottom, and it really adds interest to the whole piece. i think my favorite part about this dress, though, is the weightiness of the skirt--it's not so heavy that it's hot or uncomfortable, but enough that it feels more quality, more special.	Dresses
This dress fits true to size and is great to wear around on a warm day. you can dress it up or down so there are many uses for it. this brand has always provided great quality too. i'm excited for warmer weather!	Dresses
Love the red color. bought the small because left of center usually runs big. however, i could use m in this style.	Knits
This dress is the perfect combo of flattering, comfort, and quality. i purchased the turquoise color, which is vibrant! this will be my go to dress for spring. the material is super soft, flowy and medium weight. i ordered petite s, probably could have got xs. i love, love, love this dress!	Dresses
Beautiful dress! vibrant colors. fabric has a nice weight and drapes perfectly. 36 dd up top and the girls have plenty of space.	Dresses
I love the design and aesthetic of this dress but when i tried it on it was less than flattering on me and looked almost night gown ish:( really sad because the material is gorgeous! i bought it for my sister instead because i know it will flatter her body type more than mine. i'm rather full on bottom and top and it seems to look better on slender women. the only complaint is have is that the straps seem delicate. the actual material and fabric is crazy beautiful though!	Dresses
I love this dress. as a petite woman, it's hard for my to find maxi-dresses that aren't terribly long and that cut in the right places. this dress fits perfectly! i love the slits in the side that allow for a flowy look and make it easy to walk around. there is also an elastic band that helps the materials over the bust stay in place along your torso. if you a bustier person like myself, it will likely cut in just under your bust line as opposed to as your waist like on the model. since i am bus	Dresses
I ordered this dress in a petite but it arrived in a regular, the rest fit and in the meantime the petites ran out in my size. the dress is too long but it is so beautiful i will get it shortened. the fabric is lovely. i am blonde and the green is so nice with my hair... which is a good thing since the other colour was totally sold out. try not to miss out on this lovely purchase.....	Dresses
I purchased this in the ping/orange color. i am 5"8 and 155lbs, the medium fit perfectly. very soft texture with a nice flow. will be purchasing in other colors.	Dresses
Beautiful dress, but has an unflattering fit. i purchased an xs and it's past my knees and the bottom of the dress is so heavy! would be a perfect maternity dress though!	Dresses
Love it ! ...although i had to purchase it in 3 sizes before finding the right one. it does run large. i normally take a l or el ... but a medium in this had the perfect drape ! i am 5'11" and 185 lbs and it is very flattering ! a perfect piece to be worn as a dress or as a tunic over skinny pants ... can be as sophisticated or casual as you choose to make it with accessories !	Dresses
I'm 4 11" 120 and my usual small fit. as with everything....way too long. story of my life and i keel a tailor on call.	Dresses
I bought the one with blue and white top and black bottom. absolutely loved it! i am 5"2 so the dress is part is a bit long for me---ended up wearing my 4.5 inch heels to make it fit. the fabric is more heavy than what it seems in the pictures. but that makes it more formal. it's great!	Dresses
The cut is lovely and the fabric is wonderful-it's a little thicker than you might think so it felt a little warm.i am sending back as i have a little belly and it doesn't hide much-but it did make my boobs look awesome:)	Dresses
This dress was returned to our store and i was intrigued the second i saw it. the dress is definitely oversized. so much so that you could probably size down a size or two. but what i love about this dress is the style. its meant to be oversized...and with the print, the asymmetric cut and the oversized look...its very unique! the color is exactly as it appears and the material is wonderful. thin but soft and comfortable...really easy to wear! you could do this as a dress, or with leggings and b	Dresses
I love how pretty and soft this shirt is. it falls well. i want to wear it everyday.	Knits
I love this dress! it was a tad long ( i'm a shorty) but i loved the cut and versatility of the material/ design that i took it to the tailor. now it is perfect! i wore it to an engagement party but i could see it going very casual or very high end depending on styling. love.	Dresses
Beautiful shape and colors but the fabric felt heavier than i imagined. sort of like heavy drapes. also, the length (as others mentioned) was too long. i am not normally a petite but the regular was too long. unfortunately, it has to go back.	Dresses
I love this dress! picked one up in store at 20% off--even better. i'm 6', 160lbs and 40-29-41, and i did find the waist runs a bit wide. because i'm tall, i think the length was a plus, but a shorter person would definitely want to go with a petite. i usually wear an 8-10 but bought a 6 in this dress, so i think it runs a tad large. the fabric is weighty enough to hide minor lumps and bumps, but i'll be wearing shapewear anyway. the pattern is perfectly aligned (just like the online images) and	Dresses
This just arrived today. the material is very soft and i love the olive color. it has a zipper in the back but i was able to easily slip this over my head, making me think it runs a bit large. because it is loose the fact that the drop waist hits right at the hip doesn't bother me, though i thought it would fall a little lower. i am only 5'2" and i consider this to be a short dress. with thick leggings i think it will be great winter dress. the bodice is fully lined (the skirt is not) and the ne	Dresses
I loved this dress so much i bought in the cream/pink as well as the blue/teal. it is so light and easy to throw on. the slits are higher on me (i am 5'2) but not in a risqu way. it's very flattering and gives it a little sassiness.i wish they had even more colors to choose from. that is how obsessed i am with it!	Dresses
This dress is versatile and cute! i purchased the xxs at 5'4" 115lbs and it fit perfect. a steal at the sale price!	Dresses
This is such a great dress, i hate to return it. it's pretty, a nice material, and an interesting cut. but like other reviewers have said, it is just enormous. if there were a size smaller than xs, or if it came in petite, i would exchange it in a second. but since there's not, it has to go back.	Dresses
Cute dress- flattering and seems to be well made. however, when i received it it seemed that it had been worn. the bottom was all dirty and it had a white mark at the top. called and rep said they would send new dress if i send first back, so hopefully that gets here quickly and in good shape. the other dress i place with my order hasn't even shipped and the rep couldn't tell me when/if it would.	Dresses
This is instantly one of my favorite dresses but please note it runs large, size down! i am 5'10" and regularly a size 8-10. i tried both of those sizes on in store and picked the 8. it was perfectly form fitted and the perfect length. when i got home i realized i had been reading the uk sizes on the tag and really bought a size 4. no idea how it fit me, i have never purchased a size 4 in my life! i am adding a photo so potential customers can see what it looks like on an average sized person :)	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the red/orange color and was impressed by the quality of the fabric. the waist sat a bit higher on me that in does in the picture, so it looks much more like an empire waist on me.	Dresses
I love this dress! i purchased the neutral motif in a large and it fits wonderfully. i have a double d chest and the top of this fits almost perfectly. it's just a bit snug on top but still comfortable because of the fabric. i'm 5"3 and the dress isn't too long like most maxi's are on me. i always have great luck with maeve and plan on purchasing another right now!	Dresses
The photos on the website do not do the dress justice. i am into texture, pattern and contrasting fabrics, this dress is gorgeous in person; not only has pattern, but the pattern is woven, so there is this wonderful texture as well that i had to try. some of the reviews said the dress runs large, others that this is a bodycon dress. i ordered a size 8 and my usual 10. both were figure hugging but the size 10 allowed this to be office wear while still being flattering. i am fairly straight, small	Dresses
This dress is so pretty and i instantly fell in love with it when i tried it on. i generally wear size 0 or 2 and opted for the 2 for more room. i know some reviewers felt that the dress ran too long at the bottom, but for me, i was sold on it because this dress is form fitting, i like a more conservative look for work. wouldn't want form-fitting and short dress. my favorite kind of dress is form-fitting and falls at or below my knees a little.	Dresses
I'm petite, short waisted and slim hipped but with broad shoulders. the byron lars pencil dresses fit me perfectly so i was hoping this pencil dress would too (though with this brand my sizing fluctuates). unfortunately, the cut of the shoulders made me look like i had hammy arms. it was a little tight around the waist area and i could have probably gone up a size for a better fit width wise. length wise, however, it would have been too long for my torso, which i run into a lot. too bad.	Dresses
Alas, i so wanted to love this. the photos of the models wearing it look gorgeous -- flowy, drapey, ultimate grecian goddess. but it just doesn't work unless you're super-skinny. too much material. almost bulky; strange looking. the print is so beautiful -- i love the pink floral, and i love the whole idea of the dress. but it just doesn't work. have to send it back. (i'm 5'6", 135 pounds, 38-30-38, and i ordered a 10.)	Dresses
Perfect fit. this dress is super flattering, the criss-crossing fabric at the bust looks awesome on. the fabric is a little bit thicker through there which is nice for coverage. the skirt is light and airy and the pattern is so pretty! the perfect spring to summer dress!	Dresses
I bought each color in three different sizes because the one i want was sold out. the lavender tile motif is the one i got in my ideal size medium petite and it fits the best. what i don't like is that the inside of the skirt is white, which features prominently because of the high side slits. makes the dress look low quality. my favorite dresses were the solid teal and solid black. however the small was too small on my bust and the large petite was too large on my bust. i'm wondering if wash th	Dresses
I'm so glad i trusted my instincts and decided not to size down on this luxurious dress since my body type is so different from the previous reviewers. size small would have surely cut off my circulation around my shoulders. i bought mp since i have thick arms/shoulders/back and i'm short 135# 38-27-35.  my only gripe is how skinny and insubstantial the straps are so maybe i'll get those changed. i'm tempted to buy the other color since this dress is so beautiful but i really don't nred it!	Dresses
This dress is extremely body conscious. so if you want to make an impression, wear this dress. the fabric is thick and best worn on a cooler night. the pattern is gorgeously done, pieced together like a garment three times the cost. the cut of the armholes might not be flattering on those with broad shoulders or chubby upper arms (like myself). for me this dress is tts but way too long, so i will have to hem.	Dresses
Bought this on a whim. i had been wanting a new maxi dress and the bodice looked really cool online. ordered it in black. it fits true to size however the material is a bit on the thin side and where the fabric crosses over on the lower waist line...it leaves a love handle lump. without the bulk it would be great as overall look is kind of cool. however, i am on the fence on this one. for the money there are better maxis out there.	Dresses
I purchased this in the black in an xl. i am typically a 14-16 dress size and i would say this runs tts with a flowing fit on the bottom. the top is fitted but has some stretch to it. absolutely gorgeous fit and quality. i love this so much i want to purchase the teal color. a spring must have!!!	Dresses
On me this was not good at all. couldn't get it off fast enough. the thick, stretchy fabric instantly added bulk to my frame and the leaf pattern over my mid section emphasized my belly (and i'm a size 2). also, the color is a dark, brick red and i think if it had been a true red it would have been much more attractive.	Dresses
This dress is very cute and super comfortable. as soon as i walked into work, i received a compliment. the fabric is not heavy, but actually on the thin side. if i knew this dress was maeve, i would have sized down. i'm always a large at retailer, but with some maeve items i need a medium. for reference, i'm 5'9", 175, l/12. i love the look of a drop-waist, but because of my big bust i usually look silly, but this works.	Dresses
I adore this dress. i wanted/needed to add a few velvet pieces to my wardrobe and when i saw this online i decided this had to be one of them. i'm 5'9 and ~128 pounds and ordered the x-small and it fits me perfectly. the color is so rich and the details are delicate, understated, and yet striking. i intend to wear this for a variety of occasions.	Dresses
I got this new dress for a work meeting and instantly received compliments. it has a very unique pattern that is perfect for the office or date night. it is a little long and falls below the knee, but otherwise the dress fits and feels great. the fabric has a nice weight, so it covers any imperfections you might want to hide.	Dresses
There's just the right amount of billowy grace in this dress. the fit is perfect and the material moves and breathes with you. cute with a jean jacket on chillier days too.	Dresses
Wow, wow, wow! this is so retailer! the dress is more breathtaking in person, it is a beautiful work of art from top to bottom. the fabric is super soft and flows perfectly. the lining is super soft as well, and it doesn't fall all the way down to the hem so that the burnout detail would show through on the bottom. i don't like spaghetti straps but the straps are very sturdy and high quality, very comfortable. fyi, the color is much richer (a shade darker) in person, like an eggplant color. i orde	Dresses
Looove this so much. the color in person is a rich wine. the pintuck and button details are hard to see in the photo, but there are three buttons so you can chose to open a couple.	Knits
I bought this unique beauty in a size 0. the fit was superb and without compromise. the ascetics are incomparable, as well as the quality. the most stunning dress i have purchased from retailer in quite a while!	Dresses
This ran a bit small; i'm normally a 2, this was a 4 and 'just' fit. the pattern was very 'digi,' the length was shorter than i hoped (i'm 5'1"), and the fabric, while structured, was just cheap and acrylic-feeling. pass.	Dresses
I love love this top, it look so much better than expected. i bought black because red wasn't available in my size. the style, print, and fit are perfect. the shirt-style hides flaws, and the top looks very good and stylish. it can be worn for formal or casual occasions. i keep looking to see if the red one is available in my size, i would buy it in every color. perfect!!	Knits
This could seriously fit a large and it's an xs. so frustrating!! this is the fourth retailer dress that is ordered that is just enormous. i get the whole "loose fit" style, but seriously??? you've taken it to a whole new level, retailer!!! another trip to the store to return another item. a complete waste of my time. ugh.	Dresses
Picked this up at the local retailer in both colors. the red version was styled in the store with the adorable blue snail cardigan - which i also bought. highly recommend.	Knits
I didn't hate it, but i don't love it. i purchased it in 2 colors b/c i thought i'd fall in love. it is just ok. maybe it's b/c i have a larger chest, but i felt like it was too small in the chest area and too loose elsewhere. not the maxi fit i normally go for. however, the material is great and it's a simple sunday dress to lounge around in and run errands comfortably.	Dresses
Tts. i'm 38c, 8-10 and m fits just right. nice and fitted at the top, flowy skirt. i got the cream and love the skirt pattern.	Dresses
Just bought this top in the black at my local retailer and i love it. it fits well, not too large and "tenty". it actually fit me under the arms, too. usually, retailer tops tend to run huge, not this one. i love that it is easy to layer with a long boyfriend cardi or a more structured jacket. i'm 5'3" 110 pounds and took the xs. i would definitely recommend this top!	Knits
Very unique, cute top. i had to order up a size as i thought it ran a little on the small size.	Knits
I really loved the way this shirt looked on me. it's forgiving and flattering, and really lightweight. the fabric, however, couldn't even withstand half a day's wear without snagging 3 times and developing a hole right in the center. i have no idea how this happened, as i wasn't wearing or near anything that could have pulled at it. such a shame. this could have been a staple wardrobe piece for me.	Knits
The only complaint i would have about this pullover is that it runs a little big. i ordered a small and it is a little big for my taste but it is not something worth returning it for. i wouldn't say to size down but be aware it is larger than what you would expect. still love it!	Knits
I got this shirt and loved it so much the first time i wore it. it swings well and is an easy basic that looks great. however, after i washed it the first time, it became clingy and stuck to me and doesn't lie right. it's such a shame because i was thrilled with this as an addition to my wardrobe!	Knits
This fit great. i am 5'8 and 130 lbs. i ordered a size medium and it fit perfect. i wore a black tank/cami underneath for warmth in the office.	Knits
This dress is great for hiding any insecurities. it's also very comfy.	Dresses
I have several tiny tunics in m. i received this one today and it is very cute but too tight in the chest. i'm returning it for a large.	Knits
Love the top, it fits wonderfully, and it's lightweight. my only complaint is that it has little loops that are prone to getting caught on things. other than that, it's a great spring top.	Knits
I loved the material's texture and drape, but it was too sheer for me. i am 100% against having to wear a tank under white tees. (which means i have a lot of trouble finding any white tees, but...) other than the see-through nature, i loved this shirt!	Knits
Definitely agree with the other reviewers. this top looks great on the model, but pretty bad in real life. super boxy and has no give so everything just hangs. if you plan on ordering, i'd recommend sizing down.	Knits
I received this top in the mail today not what i expected at all! it is a great fabric just way too much of it. it is proportionally incorrect width wise. unfortunately this one will be going back.	Knits
I love tiny button down tops. this one didn't work at all for me. i was excited about the mix prints but on it looked like i was wearing a vest over a striped shirt. also the arm was frayed on the shirt i tried on.	Knits
I have been thinking about getting this dress for a while, but was holding out because i was concerned it would look like a sack! but i am so glad i got it, and so glad my usual size was not available! typically i'm a m or a m petite but i ordered this in a s petite. while still flowy, i think it would have been overwhelming in my usual size. i think it will be great for many occasions as the solid black can be dressed up or down. i can't wait to wear it! definitely consider sizing down.	Dresses
This shirt is as cute on as it looks in the pictures. i love the fit and felt great in it on a mom's night out with jeans and heals. i also think it could be dressed up for work or further down for a day out and about! love it!	Knits
This is my new favorite dress!	Dresses
I think this is going to be a love or hate top. i love it. it is see through, requiring an under top. however, the fabric is extremely light weight and the style is floaty so a simple lightweight tank/cami will look pretty showing through in a number of colors. i bought the off-white. it is meant to be a full fit but i think going down one size will help especially since the photos don't show just how full the back really is. the fabric will probably snag easily. still i just really like the sty	Knits
This is a cute waffle t-shirt material is very thin and see-through it's a cute shape and style but it runs absolutely huge  is not a shirt for petite people the extra extra small was huge	Knits
Color was a perfect match for the linen slacks i wanted to pair it with, however the top was way, say too big so i'll be sending it back.	Knits
The fit of this top is nothing like in the photo. the blouse on the model must be pinned back to achieve that fitted silhouette. in reality this top is baggy and boxy and runs at least one size large. the embroidery, details, and soft material are great, but the fit is off entirely. this item is going back.	Knits
I like this top a lot, very nice. i love the design, style, and fabric. but it runs too small. i have a curvy figure, and it pulls in the front so you can see between the buttons, and pulls at the bottom as well. i usually wear l or xl, in xl this one was still a bit fitted especially around the bust. i am still keeping it - hoping to lose a few pounds. but it is a very nice top with the fabric, design, and style. very stylish! it looks casual on the model but can be dressy.	Knits
I saw this top in my local store and almost didn't try it on solely because i hate split-sleeve/cold-shoulder tops. but, the peplum style and pattern were so cute that i took it into the dressing room anyway. after trying on probably 6-8 items, i wound up buying this top and one other. i really like the fit, as i am high-waisted, and it defines my waist really well . the wide neck is also super flattering. and i love the pattern. i went ahead and purchased, despite the fact that i wasn't thrille	Knits
This top is way cuter in real life. it looks a little frumpy on the model but t is very flattering on. the sleeves are split so not a warm top, but this will be a nice transitional piece. i am always looking for interesting but classy tops to war to work and this fits the bill.	Knits
This top is really comfortable, and the details make it easy to add interest to an outfit. i was worried all the details together would be a bit overwhelming, but it works. i wish the design was on the back as well, but it's fine. the material is a nice light weight, but the pleats do fold up a little after washing, so ironing is required.	Knits
Tried this on and loved it except for one thing -- the sleeves are split, so any movement reveals most of your arm, shoulders. which also makes it fairly impractical for winter/the office (yes, i could wear a sweater or blazer with it, but that defeats the purpose of having an all-purpose cute top.) why, retailer? this is a perfectly cute top and looks great with jeans etc., but the split sleeves make it a no-go.	Knits
This blouse is a great transitional piece. as other reviewers have noted, the sleeves are split and that's the only reason why it gets four stars instead of five. i wore it with a 3/4 sleeve black top underneath to eliminate this issue for the cooler months. overall design is good and the print is classy and creative. this will be a lovelyt go-to blouse to wear with denim. fits the budget too.	Knits
This top is prettier in person than on the picture. the picture kind of makes the material look really cheap - it actually looks nice in person. it's very comfy and feminine, showing just the right amount of skin on the arms. the elastic on the waist also makes me look 3 lbs. lighter. it goes good with jeans or skirts.	Knits
Wearing this today! it fits true is size & is machine washable. the slits make it unique. don't hesitate to purchase this one.	Knits
This is the perfect sweater dress for any occasion. i dressed it up with a belt and necklace for a christmas party and wore it with boots to just kick around the house. it's a really warm dress too, so great for colder weather. probably would not want to wear this dress in warm temps.it's so comfortable and it's made with high quality material. i'm curvy on the bottom and my only wish is that this dress had less material around my waist- it's a pretty straight cut.	Dresses
I had been looking for this dress in xs. the small ran large on me and xs had sold out online. i'd been searching for it calling every store around and not having any luck.. when allison called me from store 428 highland village in houston.. she had found the dress for me in the woodlands.. i was able to purchase it and i can't wait to get it.. it will be perfect for the hot summer here in texas. thank you allison for such great customer service and retailer for employing such great staff.	Dresses
I read the online reviews and thought this dress would be a winner. it is tight in the chest (i am not busty) and i would have exchanged it for a larger size but i just didn't like the style. the material is beautiful but between the neutral colors and the style, i felt it was too "little house on the prairie". pretty but not the look i was going for.	Dresses
This dress has the perfect amount of swing to it that it hides a stomach - which i looooove! the blue chambray color is beautiful and it is lined partially. so here's what i don't like - this dress would have been so much better fully lined. now it could just be that i am extra sensitive to fabric and find it to be a bit itchy where the ruching is on the upper back of the dress. but i somehow can't get myself to take it off the hanger to wear it....i may just be returning this dress.	Dresses
I tried this on in store in blue, and it's so comfortable. it's just the right level of loose to be flattering. for me, the cap sleeves were a little strange. they just didn't sit in a way that was flattering or seemed purposeful--not sure if that was the design or my body.	Dresses
I just bought this dress today, and it is absolutely stunning. it looks so much better in person than on the model. i think it runs true to size, however it does have relaxed fit. overall, the dress has nice quality fabric and nice flow, without adding bulk. great buy!	Dresses
I adore this dress! as a mom of two under 2, i need things that are cute, but no-fuss. this is exactly that piece! beautifully lined, breezy linen fabric, machine-washable, and flattering. the catch is finding the right size to flatter. i'm 5'7 and 128...found my normal size small to be really big everywhere. i went with the xs to avoid issues in the shoulders, but i maybe could have gone even smaller. fabric doesn't have a lot of give, so if you are large in the chest, my guess would be a possi	Dresses
I normally wear a medium in retailer dresses, but ordered a small due to the reviews that stated how large this dress is. they weren't exaggerating!!!! the small was way too big for me, and the xxs and xs are already sold out. beware that you will have to size down at least 2 sizes to make the dress fit similar to the model pictured. it is going back for me!	Dresses
I loved this dress online, however i did not love it on me. it was a bit snug in the waist and bust (i usually order a 2 or 4 but got the dress in a 4). i thought i would love the mid length but it felt awkward on me (i'm 5'10"). i think its a beautiful dress just didn't work for me.	Dresses
Such a cute dress but it runs large. i'm 5'4" 130 lbs and am typically a size 4 can wear a size 2 in certain clothes. i tried on the xs and it was still too big. i would of bought it in an xxs but they are sold out. really a comfy laid back dress that would be comfortable in summer. if they get more xxs i'll buy it.	Dresses
This is the perfect day dress--loose fit, comfortable fabric. i usually wear a m or l in most dresses of this type, but the s actually was the best fit. i have worn it all summer and it's perfect for hot weather. just order smaller.	Dresses
I am a size 14, and tall. i was afraid that it would be too short. the sales clerk grabbed a large, and it fit! it's airy and lightweight and hugs nicely around the back. the big surprise? pockets! love it!	Dresses
I saw this online, visited my local retailer, found it! it is the most beautiful shade of blue, nicely textured material! i am 5'7" and 148 pds, i bought the xs and it fits perfect! definately designed for us smaller busted gals!	Dresses
I bought this in the blue and you should definitely size down. it runs very large. it's amazingly comfortable and high quality. great length as well (not too short and not too long). it has a partial lining so it's not necessary to wear a slip which i love. i get compliments every time i wear it, even one of the saleswomen in retailer asked me where i got the dress. she was surprised when i told her it was from retailer from online. i liked it so much i just ordered the red plaid.	Dresses
I'm a 36ddd and although that's pretty large, i don't generally have trouble fitting into most retailer clothing. (the tracy reese amoret dress, for example, fits just fine in my regular size.) so, i ordered this dress in my regular size. well, i tried it on, and the right and left sides of the front closure on top were literally about 10 inches apart. there was *no way* this would fit, even if i went up 3 sizes. it's crazy!this is a terrible shame because it's really a lovely dress and it fits j	Dresses
This dress really was huge, and not at all flattering. i don't know how they got it to look good on the model in the picture. material was nice and soft, but i really don't see how anyone could look good in this, no matter what your body shape is.	Dresses
Cute dress. i say true to size - but keep in mind it is loose and flowy and i purchased in my usual size medium and it fits perfectly. it's lined so there is no need for a slip. very comfortable and cool. i am 5'6" and it is 3" above knee. i paired it with the gemline lariat turquoise necklace and have already received several compliments and my day is only 1/2 over!a great priced dress which holds true to retailer's quality and uniqueness of items offered.	Dresses
Caught my eye at checkout, and had to run back to the dressing room for a quick try-on, which ended up being a great call! the dress is super easy and flattering, as the lining keeps it skimming over my hourglass shape. the fabric has a sweet floral texture, and the gathering takes a basic shape and makes it interesting. i'm 5'4" and it came just above the knee in front, while the back was a bit longer (another flattering feature). this is going to be a summer go-to!	Dresses
This top fits exactly as it does on the model! it's flattering and comfortable. i wore it to work with dress slacks and got a lot of complements. it's easy to pair with pants or jeans. my only complaint is the material it's made of is a bit rougher and thicker than i thought it would be. but that's minor. i am a petite but this fit me well even though i got it in a regular size.	Knits
I wanted to love this dress but it was too large... and once i washed it (which is recommended) it shrank so i had to return it.	Dresses
I love love love this dress for everyday running around or you can dress it up with jewelry or a scarf. so boho and so comfortable. buying the other color now.	Dresses
This dress was huge!! i'm normally an extra small and i was swimming in it. the xxs was sold out, but i think it would of been huge as well.	Dresses
This is one of those dresses that looks so cute on the model but doesn't look anything like that in reality. it has no shape and it fits weirdly all over. i am normally a m and i ordered the s and it is massive.	Dresses
Easy breezy summer dress!!! love the detailing under the arms!!!	Dresses
My bra size is a 36 c. i got the medium and the dress buttoned looked nothing like the model... the top button barely buttoned....	Dresses
This is a a great piece.  i tried it on in denim and went out and ordered the red checked print. this was so cute!  i loved it in the red checked and then ordered the denim.  it can be dressed up or down. it is comfortable and there is an edgy quality to the look. you can wear heals and a statement necklace and it really is dressed up. order a size down and it works well. thank you retailer!!	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous. it looks exactly as it appears on model. the model must be wearing a petite because the regular size dress is maxi length on anyone 5'8. the petite is midi length and is perfect every where else. i am not petite, but this petite worked perfect on me for midi length.pros of dressthe dress has nice light float fabric, with colorblind on bottom for a touch of modern.the dress looks very dowton abby and the vintage look is hard to find now days in dress.the dress looks fa	Dresses
This dress was love at first sight. i did have to size down from my normal size but the dress is so comfortable and cool. as another reviewer said, it does shrink after first wash but perfect now since i am 5'2". it shrank about one inch in length only. i got many compliments and my husband said it was beautiful- that's a plus! i was comfortable and cool all day. get it before it is out of stock. this dress will not make it to sale.	Dresses
I love this dress! my bra straps do not show in the back. you can slightly see them in the front but wearing black or nude gets you around this problem. i love the slim design-it is very flattering. i tried this is my normal size 4 but also the 4 petite. the petite did not work for me since there is a larger fabric cutout for the butt area-this was too high and above my natural waste. because of this, i opted for the slightly longer option where the extra fabric was surrounding my bum. this does	Dresses
This is the most beautiful dress! so many beautiful patterns, the zipper across the front and belt across the front is so flattering and sexy. beautiful flower applique on the hips. everything about this dress is magnificent!	Dresses
I have to agree with people who are saying this dress runs small in the hips. even a size 0 is typically roomy on me when it comes to dresses at retailer, but a size 4 in this would have been best on my hips. the size 2 was just a smidge too tight looking and loose on the upper half of my body, which made my waist look thicker than it is, i thought. my boyfriend disagreed and thought it looked nice, but i still didn't buy because my life would not give me many opportunities to wear this thing anyw	Dresses
When i wore this the two times i did, i got a ton of compliments. it runs small, and is a bit tight when sized correctly but its really stunning. after the second wear, the fabric under the arms frayed and its now unwearable. i have to return it and am so disappointed. sadly, i would not recommend buying it for that reason.	Dresses
I ordered 2 dressed in 2 different sizes. neither fit... both were very tight... runs very small.	Dresses
I love the design of this shirt - very flattering fit. very soft and great as a layering piece.	Knits
This dress fits very nicely, i didn't keep it as i have too many dresses, but loved the fit. hip was a little looser compared to the top, you can almost see it on the model if you look closely, the dies poke out a bit. the teal color is very flattering on my pale skin tone. love the back, you can actually zip it all the way (mid back) with the tie in the neck, leaving a nice cutout... 0p fit me (115 lbs, 26.5 in waist) 30 dd).	Dresses
Beautiful dress but the fit was off for me. overall this is good quality with beautiful lace detail. as the other reviewer mentioned the cutout in the back is very cute. i wanted to love this dress but i found it to run large in the top. i'm 5'6 130lb with 34c and i ordered the small, the top just hung off of me. perhaps it would have been better with an xs.	Dresses
I can't say enough good things about this piece. high quality in structure and design. when i initially put it on i worried that i might have ordered a size too small. so i was pleasantly surprised to realize this dress fits like a glove but has enough give in all of the right places to let you eat, dance, breath, etc. i received tons of compliments.of note, i am 128 lbs and 5/5 - i wore a size 4.wanting another event that i can wear this to as i wore it to a work xmas party.	Dresses
I bought this top in taupe and love the style. it's not too boxy or long. cotton is always a plus and i just wish there were more colors.	Knits
Pretty fabric, nice style, took it back.	Dresses
Dress looks beautiful, but the fitting is very off. i ordered a size 2 which is the dress size i usually wear ( i'm 5;4 and 115lbs). the chest area fits perfectly, but the hip area is extremely tight and the lower back area was lose. i exchanged it for a 4, the hip area was a bit tight and the shoulders were too lose. if i ordered the 4p, i have a feeling it would be too tight. it feels like, it's meant for someone with very small hips and a large abdomen. also, this dress is very stiff, can't d	Dresses
I had four weddings this fall and tried this dress on but ended up not purchasing because i already had dresses to wear. but, i told myself i would purchase the dress if it ever went on sale. i don't have an occasion to wear it yet but i can't wait! the dress is so lovely and the details are beautiful. the only thing i'm worried about is the possibility for some of the embroidered parts to pill. it looks very flattering and hugs all my curves beautifully.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress. the detail is amazing, but it runs a little small. i'm usually size 0, but i had to go up a size in this dress. its cut a little too tight, and there is no give in the fabric. otherwise its stunning!	Dresses
I bought this for a wedding i will attend 10 months from now. when i saw this dress on sale, i just need to get it! it was simply gorgeous!!! it fitted so well. it makes one feel so special. i like the addition of the belt.	Dresses
Most casual tops are so sloppy now - not this one! great cut, wish there were more color options.	Knits
I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this shirt. it's comfortable, the fit is excellent and flattering, and it can be dressed up or down depending on the occasion. i bought it in the brown and the black and have no regrets.	Knits
The dress is very beautiful and looks expensive. it will make a nice wedding dress. it does run quite small though. i am 5'2" and 90-95lbs with a straight figure, but the 00p was too constricting.	Dresses
Wow, this dress is so incredibly designed and made! the style is a subtle showstopper - classic and beautiful like they don't make anymore.the inside of the dress is so well constructed, it has its own beauty!i read that it ran a little large, so i tried the 0 and the 00, since i usually wear a 0. well the 00 looked like a lingerie commercial with the dress unable to zip above the waist!! the 0 fit and zipped, but i could not sit down comfortably. yikes!the 2 was a winner. i'm 5'4 1/2", 110	Dresses
I did not have to size up or down because of my body type (broad padded back, wide rib cage, narrow hips, small bum.) however, it fits a little odd on me. the back darts that start at the waist and are supposed to curve for your behind settle too high and wrinkle. the waist is also too high. the shoulders are a bit tight. i am confused because i bought the exact same size pieced brocade (the colorful version of this dress) and that one actually fits spot on. i have a feeling if i go to the store	Dresses
Unique and stylish dress, looks much better on than in the pictures.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear at a bridal shower and absolutely love it! the color was perfect and the petite-xs was true to its size. the top was a bit on the tight side with my arms but overall incredibly comfortable. i would buy more in this style and size, but not having enough occasions to wear the style. it's great for wedding guests, cocktail hours, or even work.	Dresses
This is a classic pencil dress that would be becoming on most straight figures. i always wear a 6 (or medium) in hd, and this dress is a little large everywhere. i love it so much, i paid full price and i will probably have it taken in on the sides if possible. the lacework is gorgeous and sturdy - it doesn't catch on stuff. there is a lot of give to sit and move in, unlike most pencil dresses, and i cannot say enough about the color. wow, heads turn when you walk into a room in this gorgeous de	Dresses
This is such a cute little top that can be easily worn off the shoulder or on the shoulders. it is comfortable, soft and quite flattering. it hangs nicely and is a pretty white top that will come in handy this spring and summer. i stayed tts on this one but could have sized down.	Knits
Wonderful summer blouse!. prefect with jeans or shorts. very flattering on my older, curvy body.	Knits
I am so in love with this top. can be worn on or off the shoulders. the color is amazing!	Knits
I'm always on the search for a comfortable shirt with style. this does not disappoint. super comfy and flattering. love.	Knits
The purple/cobalt is a beautiful color. i feel the t shirt material is entirely too thin for the price.	Knits
I had been looking for a tee to wear under a kimono i bought last year at retailer. the cut out slub tee was the perfect tee. the slate color goes well with the colors in the kimono, along with being a good neutral. this is also a good tee to wear alone with a pair of jeans as it hangs nicely.	Knits
Very soft, comfortable piece that can be worn casually with jeans and a tee or over a blouse or sheath dress for work. i like the 3/4 length sleeves and pockets	Knits
Like most retailer clothes this runs large. nice design & comfort.	Knits
Kinda a boxy looking sweater. it definitely made me look really large and just couldn't see myself wearing it very often. ended up returning it.	Knits
I have worn this to work, errands, yoga. it's a great tee. love it!	Knits
I first saw this tees paired with a skirt (blue and white stripes on the website). i immediately like the unique shape around the shoulder, v-neck line with a gap to the sleeves. even the color is white, it looks very appealing to me, simple yet unique. i bought the tees in white and black colors. i expected the white one to be sheer, but not the black one. even with a nude bra, i can slightly see the bra shape inside the tees. the size is running large. i usually wear size s with retailer. i got	Knits
I love this top, beautiful soft fabric , much prettier than picture, can be worn on or off shoulders. extremely flattering, falls to a perfect length , great with shorts, pants or a long skirt.	Knits
Love the style of this shirt. its flattering and light material, good for all weather and layering.	Knits
The colors are vibrant and the beading is beautifully simple and nicely done. i waited quite a few months for this dress but it was worth the wait! it's loose fitting, but still gives you some shape without looking like you are wearing a potato sack!	Dresses
I haven't worn the top yet nor have i returned it. still not sure if i want to keep it! i bought the slate color and it is a bland color. also, not sure if i like the fabric because the material feels like it could be a pajama top! however, it is a comfortable loose fitting top so for that reason, i may keep it.	Knits
This top is too cute and shows just the right amount of skin without being overt. it can be worn on or off the shoulder and is just enough to cover a tummy without looking maternity. i can't wait for the warmer weather to get here and stay so i can wear this top more often!	Knits
This shirt is a great way to rock the off the shoulder trend. you can dress it up or down bi would definitely recommend it.	Knits
I'm happy with the sweater. while one reviewer reports returning it for being too small, i agree with another who found the sweater- especially the arms- too roomy.	Knits
Great tee! flows well and very soft. true to size!	Knits
This dress is a bit longer than photographed but i was totally ok with that. the skirt is also a bit fuller which makes the dress more formal. it's really well made and great material. i'm 5'6 123lb and bought a size 4.	Dresses
Love this shirt! i have it in both colors. you can wear it off the shoulder or on. it's baggy enough it looks great with skinny jeans, i recently had a double mastectomy and wore this shirt a lot as it is baggy enough, you couldn't see i had drains underneath my tank top. i am really grateful for this shirt! super soft, super cute!	Knits
Ordered this in xl- i usually am between l and xl. i'm 5'9" and thought it was cropped, boxy, and billowy around the midsection that was not flattering. the fabric is light and is less like a blazer, more like a cardigan.	Knits
I was looking for a simplistic dress because i am graduating in a few weeks but did not really want to purchase anything. i strolled in the store and this immediately caught my eye. i tried it on and fell in love!! it fits perfectly and it is the right length. i love the bust line and the detailing of the straps in the back. i don't think i feel as though i am going to a wedding,but i will feel beautiful especially since this is really big deal and accomplishment. i am an older adult - so i want	Dresses
I love this shirt. i have it in red. i found the fit tts and looks great casually with a scarf or dressed up with a nice necklace. you can't go wrong with a cute shirt that is soft. i like the length goes just past my bottom in the back but not overwhelming.	Knits
I purchased the blue color and it's gorgeous. i'm 5'7" and the length is perfect, not too billowy and not too tight. the fabric is a nice gauzy, summer weight.	Knits
This dress is really beautiful, but the fullness of the skirt made it a bit too precious for me. i liked that the neckline isn't too low, i could wear a bra with straps with it, the knee-length hem is perfect and the back is beautiful. but the skirt is really princessy. might work for a bridesmaid or an evening occasion but i found it too shiny and girly for less formal events.	Dresses
I first saw this shirt online and decided to see it in person. so happy i did! i never would have picked it up in the store. it looks much better on than on the hanger. it is so flattering! you can wear it on or off the shoulders and although it is a boxy shirt, it somehow makes you look slim! wow! i took my usual medium. highly recommend!	Knits
I was expecting a tunic with a bit of structure and weight to layer over leggings, with boots, etc.this is just an oversized turtleneck - there's nothing special about it. it's thin material. nothing to justify the price.the sizing seems odd. i'm normally a 2 on the top and 4 on the bottom. the xs was huge up top (i was swimming in it - much larger than it appears in pictures on the model) and spanned across my hips (more than the model).even if i could find a size that worked, there was n	Knits
Fits loose good material. will buy in other colors.	Knits
I bought this top in the purple color but i believe it to be more of a cobalt. it is a beautiful color! i wore it to dinner the same night i purchased it. my husband said he loved the color and style. i wear either a s or m in retailer tops, depending on the brand. with this one i chose a small and it's fits perfectly. i have a petite frame; 5'2", 123 lbs., but with a 32f bust. it is very flattering, as with most off the shoulder tops. they say your shoulders never age :) the length is just right	Knits
I ordered this dress to wear to a mid summer evening wedding. i love it. i think it will be fun, and it is unexpected for me. i will need to order a smaller size.i am 5'-5" and almost always wear a 4 in retailer wear. this ran a little big on the top, i will be ordering a 2 and sending one back	Dresses
Love these basic t's because there is always a unique cut out which makes them more interesting. fit and wash well.	Knits
I purchased this in the "purple" which is more blue than purple, but you can definitely see the purplish hue depending on the light. it's a beautiful, rich indigo color. it's very comfortable. i usually go for more fitted styles, but i was pleasantly surprised at how flattering this top is even though the body of the shirt is more loose fitting. i'm very excited to wear this top this summer. i haven't worn and washed it yet, so i am hoping the color and material will hold up after washing. i am	Knits
I think the fabric is very nice and soft. i find this top runs very large. i am 5'2" 130l. normally wear a small in a shirt. i should have ordered xs it is very large. i actually looked to see if they sent me the wrong size. the shoulder area fits fine. i may try tucking it in. other than size a nice top.	Knits
Great little spring top. the fabric is soft and the drape is of the fabric is just right. it is very loose without making it look like a maternity top and the length hits me right at the top of the hipbone. for reference i am in my 50's, 5'1" and weigh in the150's. i normally wear medium size and this one was no exception. the blue is a beautiful cobalt color.	Knits
I am super happy with the t-shirt....it fits true to size and the cut outs are a great detail!! i'm thinking about buying another!!	Knits
Despite the fact that this jacket is made from a gorgeous ottoman looking knit fabric, and has perfect fit, nice arm length, looks good on the hanger, the jacket did me no justice at all. it arrived folded, in the mail, so i had to press down the unruly pleats before i could try it on (you have to do this with nearly every item you buy online that comes folded flat and stuck in a cellophane bag.). so i pressed the jacket, tried to neaten the pleats but to no avail. the pleats would not stay put	Knits
This shirt looked so perfect on the model, and i was so excited to get it! when i received it, it was so soft and the color was so vibrant. the only thing is, it's too big. it kind of looks like a maternity shirt. it will definitely have to be taken in on the sides for me, but i'm happy with it other than that. i'm normally a l/xl but m would have been perfect this time.	Knits
Love the pattern on this lightweight cardigan and it is super flattering. i tried ordering the xs/s first because the next size up just sounded too big, but i ultimately had to order up for more room in shoulders and length in arms, though. i'm hoping the m/l fits without too much spare fabric because it really is a great piece.	Knits
So this is a great tee, problem is the white you can see through. i an not looking for a layering tee so not what i was looking for.	Knits
I loved the way this shirt looked when i tried it on in the store buto when i got home i realized it's extremely sheer. you can't wear a white bra with it, for example because it will show through. taking it back.	Knits
The is a cute dress with a great pattern and nice material. it would look great on the right kind of figure. i'm 5'7" and slim, but at thirteen weeks pregnant and not showing, the skirt made me look about thirty weeks pregnant, but the top fit just fine.	Dresses
Love this sweater.. fits perfect, flattering and soft. i got it in both colors. it is a true staple!	Knits
A perfect go-to top. looks great with jeans - dark , faded or bright white. top it with a cardigan or wear it bare - it offers a flattering fit with its high-quality, textured fabric. i normally wear a small or medium top. an extra-small fits me perfectly.	Knits
Absolutely love this dress. maeve dresses have always been constructed with great care and quality. i am and always have been a size med in maeve dresses. the dress is soft and flowing. the fabric is very forgiving and moves with you. i recommend trying on a dress by this maker . . . their cuts are consistent, so i feel extremely confident in buying their clothes online. this is a keeper and can be worn year round.	Dresses
When i first saw the bees embroidered pullover in the store, it instantly caught my attention. since it was pricey, i didn't get it. when it went on sale, it ran out in my size. so recently i was fortunate enough to get the same style embroidered birds pullover in the store for 20% off the sale price. this shirt looks so adorable on and is different than the typical sweatshirt.	Knits
I just tried this top on in xs regular even though i generally wear xspetite in retailer and it fit great (34aa - 26 - 34). i think it's flattering on my fairly straight body with the halter neck, fitted waist and peplum. i would guess it would be flattering on many body types; it highlights shoulders beautifully. it was very hard to get my head through the small, not-too-stretchy opening so you may want to try it on without makeup. i knocked off one star because the neck band wasn't symmetrical,	Knits
I loved this top so much, i ended up buying both of the designs. they are so cute and eye catching, and the layered look is really fun. it fit me very well.	Knits
Pros: material is amazing, super soft and quality thickness (but not like uber this, just enough, it will last). also seems like it won't wrinkle much which would make it a great dress to throw in a bag for a trip. fits well in the shoulders, chest and the length is good.cons: the "waist" line is really tight and really really high. i'm 5'8", 150lbs and my usual medium is pretty tight. of course it hits me on the rib cage too, which is so weird. it's way higher than it should be.i'll pro	Dresses
I adore this dress. it has a fairly thick material, which helps the skirt stay full and is very flattering if, like me, your thighs or tummy can be a problem area in dresses! the only downside for me is the fact that i have fairly narrow shoulders, so the seam for the sleeves tends to stick out a bit! i get lots of compliments on this one!	Dresses
I'm a stay at home mom, always on the lookout for something casual, interesting, yet put together. it's preppy yet quirky with the embroidery. i love this shirt. great with jeans, can take you from shopping to playground and lunch without feeling under or overdressed anywhere. the sparkle from the embroidered birds gives it spunk to not make it look too boring and predictable. at the same time, it isn't something that screams, look at me! a perfect mix.	Knits
I love this sweater!! love the length, it's a bit loose and delicate compared to what i usually wear, but looks great with boots and leggings. love the sheer fabric across the bottom of the back, the loose bows on the sides and the drape of the fabric. all combine to make a great sweater. runs true to size, has a loose fit but you don't feel like you are drowning in fabric like some loose fitting cardigans.	Knits
I purchased both colors offered and love this light weight full of neat detail piece to layer with other tops. the material is very soft and stretchy making it easy to wear over another item. i love the little shirt tail detail in back along with the drawstring trim in front. another piece that i am sure i will wear for years to come and the fit is true to size.thanks antro!	Knits
This dress is flattering, but size up. tight through chest in my normal size.	Dresses
I love this sweater!!! it's so fun and quirky and shakes up a regular sweater. a little large but it fits the style.	Knits
The prints are very cute and flattering and the material is thick. i'm 5'2 107lb and 32c and got the xsp, my usual size. the shoulders and sleeves fit perfectly, the neckline is a little low (questionable for work). the fit however is off on the waist -- which is not as pictured. it is more of an empire waist ad barely even clears my boobs, so i doubt even a regular xs will change this much. it isnt a flattering look on my frame altho the prints hide it somewhat, except from the side view. also,	Dresses
Just love sweatshirts & ponchos, so what an unusual twist of style! ordered my usual size s during the promo. looks pretty much as in the pic. oversized arm openings are created by a string attached to the sides of the garment. it's ok but may eventually break off. maybe i'll secure w/ snaps or just sew it on by hand. wore it yesterday w/ just a tank underneath to lounge around. later wore for casual dining. it turned cooler & changed to a grey t-shirt underneath along w/ dark blue denim skinnys	Knits
I purchased the bird design top for my 17 year old daughter. the fit was true to size and it's a very unique item for casual wear. it looks nicer in person than in the photo.	Knits
This shirt runs a little big, i bought it for my niece who usually wears a medium , but the small fit her. she is tall and this was a nice length on her.it's very comfortable and is a a perfect staple to send her off to college with. i paired it with the nouveau belt in silver- as an option for her to wear it with- great buy!my niece is 5' 11" with an athletic build.	Knits
I do love this shirt, but when it arrived, it had makeup around the collar, apparently from someone else who had tried it on. i was able to clean it up with just soap and water so no big problem, but it did make for a poor first impression!	Knits
I love this sweater! it is very lightweight- the knit is a wider weave, so if you are cold natured be sure to layer and bring a jacket. the fit is great, it is very flattering on. the back is lined and has the gray fabric that shows past the sweater hemline which adds to the uniqueness. this could be dressed up or down- i paired with a white tee and dark jeans and flats but will wear it next with nice pants and maybe a white collared blouse. very happy with my purchase!	Knits
I vacillate betwixt saying this shirt runs large and small. i usually wear a small in retailer items, but the xs was all that was left in the charming bee print. the fit is flattering even though it's smaller than my usual size. conclusion: runs large. however, when i went to put my head through the top of the shirt, it was like being birthed. conclusion: runs small. bottom line: i'm in love with this shirt and so i'll just have to get used to the faux birthing feeling every time i put it o	Knits
The fabric is really itchy, i felt like i was wearing a carpet, and it reminded me of the 70's fabric crimplene. this will not be comfy in humid weather. the top also had a strange synthetic odor.it was returned.	Knits
Love this dress. the color is beautiful. runs large so size down	Dresses
I bought this top for work but i can also wear it out with friends. it is made well and has a lining that is comfortable and makes it flow nicely. it will be nice for summer. you can tie the neck or just leave the ties down so it has options.	Knits
I tried on the pink version, really nice, the fit is loose, but flattering. opening at the neck looks nice either tied or not. fabric is airy. it looked nice tucked in or with a wide leg pant. i passed only because the color wasn't as bright as i need for my pale skin. overall, very nice. xs fit at 115 lbs, 30 dd, 26.5 in waist	Knits
This really is a beautiful blouse. it's much prettier in person than in the photo. the embroidery is delicate and the blouse is feminine. is has a nice drape that isn't boxy or flowy. my only complaint is that it gaps widely right at the bust. and i am not busty at all. there is no pulling it together and smoothing it out. it is just too tight and it has to be returned. boooo	Knits
I love this shirt, bought it at the store. i have a few shirts from this brand so i knew how it would fit. i love the colors in this short, it's very spring and light weight! love it very much!	Knits
This shirt is so beautiful and fits perfectly. it is so soft too, i didn't expect it to be so soft!	Knits
I love this top! it is modest enough for work, but fun enough for weekends. soft, comfortable, and lovely pink color. i want it in every color! (it seems to only come in two colors, though.)soft flowy fabric, is lined with a soft inner fabric as well. super flattering for any body type!	Knits
This is a true tiny top........gorgeous and runs small. i usually wear a small or medium in retailer tops, but timy i always size up. i'm a 36c, and a large fits perfect. the front is a bit sheer, but not so much you need a cami.	Knits
Bought this in the silvery grey color in the store yesterday, and i have to say the photos don't do this top justice. it hangs beautifully, is nicely lined, and is well made. i will leave the ties hanging rather than tied. it isn't too long, but long enough and has a nice swing. i'm short waisted and large breasted and this top is super flattering on me!	Knits
I love this top so much i tried it on twice. because i forgot why it didn't work the first time: i have a chest. i'm just a c cup, but i looked lumpy and matronly in this top. if that's not an issue for you, i think you'll love it.	Knits
I love this dress. it's an unusual material and really adorable in person. the problem was that it runs so large that i couldn't make it work. i'm usually an xs regular. the xs swallowed me. so then i ordered it in a pxs and pxxs because i really wanted it to work. only the pxxs fit, but it was so short that there was no way i could make it work. and i'm only 5'1". i am 51 years old so i am not comfortable wearing ultra short dresses. maybe a person who doesn't mind really short would be able to	Dresses
Usually can just buy tiny shirts knowing that they will fit me! and this one is beautiful but if you have any type of chest it will not work. i'm a 34d and itwas way too small in the chest area. it is a beautiful shirt though and i'm very sad that i have to return it. it will work better on someone else for sure. so i recommend this beautiful shirt for someone with a different body type from mine!	Knits
Hi, i love this top. it not only is femine but it is wee bit sexy. it could be worn in the office then out for happy hour	Knits
For me, this is the perfect tshirt. love the shape, size, material etc. just really like it. flattering and good quality.	Knits
This is one of my favorite tops! i have it in two colors. it's almost like a swing look, yet it still feels like it gives me a shape to my body. very easily paired with a skinny jean. i paid full price for th two, but now i'm sure i'll buy the third on sale!	Knits
This dress is super super pretty. it is very dull light blue grey, very romantic with the black blow. very very pretty, i love it! my only complaint is that it "balloons" up a bit due to the fabric. it is very fitted for me, i think if it were a tad loose fitting it would not balloon up around the curves as much. it is short and comes a little above the knees. i love this dress for it's romantic look, it can be paired with leggings as well.can't wait to wear it.	Dresses
Love this shirt, bought this shirt, returning this shirt. believe this and the other reviewers who say it runs small, especially through the bust, and even if you're not busty. it's now sold out in my size, wish i'd gotten a bigger size that i could keep!	Knits
I love the designs of tiny blouses. but i wish they could make them more durable. i have owned several blouses in the past where i have to use a little pin to secure the button line from pulling at the breast area, or that after a few delicate washings have come apart at a seam. and ironing or steaming them is a must. this blouse was no exception. it went back because of pulling at the bust. i'm willing to take some extra care of my clothing out of my busy schedule, but i shouldn't have to! 5'7"	Knits
This blouse is very pretty, but it does gap at the top button. darn! such a hassle to have to return it, or exchange it. but i love it and otherwise it seems to fit.	Knits
The pullover is very light weight material so great for fall or spring. it hangs nicely in front and back and is slimming. i ordered a medium other than the sleeves are not as long on me as the model it fits perfectly.	Knits
Love the short in the front, long in the back look. it has an almost glittery look. really roomy, i would size down. really comfy and pretty!	Knits
I have been struggling to find a nice flowy summer dress that isn't too short. i am petite but do not like to wear my dresses too far above the knee, so i ordered this in the 00 regular. this dress was not what i expected. it is not flowy, but rather a heavy and stiff fabric. it is also way too wide. it looks like it can't decide whether to be a box or a bag. it is also shorter than advertised. last thing to disappoint was the color - darker and more muted than the photo on the website. i can't	Dresses
I also sized down, and i'm glad that i did. i had been watching this top for awhile and was glad to get it on sale. it is not thick- more of a top than a sweater.	Knits
This is way shinier in person than i expected, but i like it. there are gold threads throughout which stand out. i love shiny things so i was pleasantly surprised. i agree that you could size down if you wanted, but it looks cute roomy and loose i think. really soft. i will wear this to the park or dressed up for dinner. love the double duty aspect. i'm a little bummed about the fabric content, but that's it.	Knits
I really liked this cardigan. it is well made and very pretty. i will wear it when it gets a little cooler in early fall because i tried to wear it on one of these really hot days and it felt little too warm.	Knits
I haven't worn this yet, but i can't wait too! i'm 5'3 145 pounds, ordered a size small. it's fits perfect! in fact, it's long enough that i may be able to pull it off as a mini dress on a hot day. that said, i will mostly layer this piece. the ruching on the side flatters the body. i would buy this in more colors if it was available! also, the material is a nice soft quality.	Knits
This cardigan is a beautiful - not too thin, but soft and versatile. the cutouts add a nice unique detail. i was worried that the cuts might fray, but they actually have a very thin bit of glue to prevent fraying. really beautiful piece for those of us with cold summer offices :)	Knits
Just bought this dress in a 6. i'm 5'7" 138 lbs (32b, 29 in jeans). this is *so* much better than pictured. it's an empire waist that really flatters my small bust and accentuates the thin part of the waist. i have an hourglass figure, but can see this working great for pear shapes. i wish the material felt softer, but the fit was so perfect, even for my broad shoulders. will transition nicely to warmer weather, but for now, i plan to wear it with leggings and a cardigan.	Dresses
This is the perfect casual yet stylish dress. and, it's extremely comfortable!	Dresses
The model pose does not do this dress justice. it is super flattering, and the fabric is a thick light fabric, can't explain it.. the pattern is simply adorable, i can't figure out why this one is on sale while other colors aren't as in my opinion, this is the nicest one.fits true to size as in my lower range. i tried on both pettie and regular and went with regular. petite was too short for me. i went with size 0 and am 5'1.5 and weight about 115.	Dresses
Just picked up this cardigan in the heather charcoal - so i can wear it in the fall and winter. the design on the border is well done and will show off whatever you wear under this cardi. sleeves are snug and long, but can easily be pushed up to 3/4 length.	Knits
As another review said, the model's pose doesn't do this dress justice and i can't believe this is on sale. i picked this up this weekend at my local store. it fits wonderfully, very flattering. the fabric feels good and i'm fairly certain won't wrinkle too easily which is going to make this the perfect dress for packing for a trip. dress it up with boots for dinner, dress it down with sandals for day. this is a steal, get it! (i'm 5'8", ~145, the size 8 fit perfect)	Dresses
This cardigan is very similar to the c keer wrapped asters cardigan from a few years ago....i have this cardigan and have loved wearing it; i think it only came in cream color. unfortunately, i caught the cutouts a few times, and the cutouts are slightly ripped in 2 spots...not very noticeable, but i know they're there! so i was delighted to see that retailer brought back this cardigan, this time from meadow rue. i purchased both the cream and gray colors in a size small....i am usually a s	Knits
This dress is so much better in person. i would say it is tts but it was oddly baggy around the chest/armpit area which didn't deter me from keeping it. the biggest negative i have is that it is rayon but i don't think that'll change with retailers anytime soon.	Dresses
Loved the styling, versatility, fit & quality of this top! length was good, not too fitted, perfect piece under cardigans & jackets. will look great with jeans, leggings or skirt. very happy with this purchase.	Knits
Great addition to wardrobe ...have already worn a lot. soft and lightweight.	Knits
This is a beautiful cardi. the cutouts and the full front panels all make it stand out. that said, there are 2 minor flows imo worthy of mentioning, none diminish my satisfaction toward it though. the sleeves are slim, meaning no long-sleeve shirts under it, for me at least. the fabric is a bit "catchy", meaning you'd better wear something silky or slippery under so the fabric doesn't crumple up behind your back. nevertheless, i will have so many uses for it last, but not the least, is my sa	Knits
I got this in the brown and absolutely love it. this is perfect for cool weather. i'm super particular about fabric quality and this cardigan does not disappoint	Knits
This is a beautiful top! extremely classy. looks great with dressy trousers or jeans. drapes very nicely. the petite medium fits me perfectly (5'1 126 lb). love it! the embroidery ads so much. so pleased with this purchase!	Knits
I bought a size small in this dress even though i am usually a large at retailer. it just hung strangely and clung to the unflattering parts of my body but seemed very large. i loved the feel, color (grey) and style of the dress, but i ended up returning it because of the fit. it also requires something under it since it is fairly see-through.	Dresses
I tried this on in the store, and i found my regular medium to be a bit too boxy. i ended up going with the petite large because i found it just fit better. it wasn't too wide and fit just right.it is very soft, not itchy at all. it says dry clean only but it did great on my hand wash setting with cold water. laid it out to dry. great purchase.	Dresses
Got this in the blue and was so excited. while it looks cute, someone had clearly bought this, worn it, and returned it. it had human and dog hair all over it. not to mention some kind of red strings. it was pilling all over. so much for quality control!!! i don't mind buying used things but at least clean it up and give me a discount!	Dresses
Lovely style. i got the navy color and it's beautiful. i'm glad i ordered a smaller size after reading other reviews. my usual size would have been too big and not as figure flattering. but but but the sweater came pilled all over. i don't know if it had been worn and returned or if it's just the quality of the material but seriously there was pilling on the entire sweater. because the style is so nice and it fits well, i'm going to keep it and de-pill it but was disappointed with retailer :(	Dresses
I was really excited to receive this dress but was disappointed that it really wasn't that special. i'm 134 lbs, 5'5" and i ordered a regular size s and it did fit. i prefer my dresses right above my knees but this was probably 2 inches above the knees. it just wasn't that flattering nor worth the price. i expected to be wowed but wasn't!	Dresses
Colors washed me out, i need more vibrant colors. so cute on the model	Dresses
This sweater is gorgeous...it is of great quality and very warm. i was very excited and wanted it to look great. however....i have a large bust and am full figured...so it was not appealing and just kind of "hung there". i feel that it would look great on thinner women...and it is a gorgeous sweater...just not for me!	Dresses
Overall, i love this dress. it's warm with tights or leggings in cold temperatures. and it's super effortless. there are a few things you should know prior to purchasing online though. the dress runs large. i ordered a large and its big. i'm ok with it; a super tight sweater dress is not was i was hoping for, but i might have been able to order a medium (i still kept the large). the weave of the fabric does not seem as tight as pictured. i felt the need to wear a tank top beneath because you cou	Dresses
This is so adorable and flattering. dress it up or down with a denim jacket weekday to weekend.w/flats or pumps. love this cute dress. not all wool so it's not itchy at all. the colors are vibrant and would compliment any complexion!	Dresses
Love this dress and its versatility! great design concept. fabric is pretty soft, cozy, and warm, as well. i found the dress to run large. i ordered a medium in the gray and small in the rose. i did like both colors irl, but the size small was the best fit. for reference, i'm 5'6", 135 lbs, and wear a 6. the size small hit just above my knees and the sleeves reached down to my knuckles. i wore this around the house for awhile and realized that while the knit was nice and tight when i first put i	Dresses
This top is very pretty, i ordered both xs p and xxs p not knowing (someone wrote the word boxy in the review) - i tried on the xxs p first, and that was fine. did the trick to not look too boxy. teh fabric is stretchy, and soft/comfortable, not scratchy lace. the lining is soft as well. color is ivory and the embroidery is nice and fiery colors. the sleeves are fairly flattering, even on bigger arms. arm hole was just right too, never know with fluttery sleeves. for reference i am 115 lbs, 30	Knits
I read the other reviews and from the picture it looked as though it may be a little short, so i ordered up to a large. the medium would have fit, but since i'm in my mid-40's i felt more comfortable with large. but if you are trim and young or young at heart your usual medium will be fine. live the material and the navy makes it classy and rich looking. can be dressed up or down. have worn it to a cocktail party fundraiser with blue crop pants and received many compliments. i'm always challenge	Knits
I saw this in the store and immediately had to try it on. it fits perfectly. i'm usually a size 4/6 with dresses and the small fit perfectly. it looks expensive and high quality and the print is unique. what i love most about it is that i can wear it in the winter time, layered over say.... a black turtle neck and black tights... but i think it can also be worn in the spring, especially with that flower print.	Dresses
I was on the fence about this dress - i wanted something nice but casual for a family graduation. i'm glad i took the chance once it went on sale! the fabric is not as thick as you'd expect for a "sweater." just thick enough to hide any imperfections, panty lines, etc. i plan to layer with long sleeved tees or a jean jacket. i think it will do great through fall with tights and a turtleneck.i'm 5'6', 135 lbs, 34b and the small fit perfectly. i am "pear - shaped" by conventional standards, bu	Dresses
I passed over this dress online thinking i'd never wear it. but, then i found myself inside an retailer store and decided to try it on. i am excited to say that i love this dress. it is soft and lovely. the cowl is large and the whole dress has a really great drape. my favorite thing is that the buttons along the back are functional. opening up the back turns this dress into a long cardigan that is to die for.	Dresses
This top would have been better if it had a stretchy fabric. being large breasted makes this top a little tight. still so pretty so i'm keeping it. makes me look a little less chesty.	Knits
Very cute and comfy dress. i'm 5'6" and 117 pounds and the xs worked great. it is meant to fit big and comfy so don't expect a tailored dress. looks great with tights and boots and i love that you can turn it around to make it a cardigan!	Dresses
I was in love with this top from the moment i put it on. it is of high quality, with layers to ensure the top isn't sheer. the embroidery is so pretty and the top looks way less grandma in person. i ordered the petite xxs and it fits perfectly. i really appreciate that the underarm holes are just the right size and don't show off any of my bra, which sometimes happens with sleeveless tops. i can wear it with jeans and boots or with a pencil skirt and heels and it looks great with both outfits. o	Knits
Great top! i'm 5'7", 135lbs and normally wear either an xs or s. i ordered the white to start with and decided to go back for the other 2 colors. it's a great basic to wear with pants/shorts/skirts, but the side slit and slant set it apart from a regular tank. i opted for the small in this top just because of where the side slit hit.	Knits
This is an adorable dress. medium weight. i highly recommend.	Dresses
There isn't much shape to this dress. it's fairly straight from top to bottom. i'm smaller on top with a small waist but slightly pear shaped. the top half was somewhat loose but the bottom half just clung too much. i'm 5'2" and 107 lbs and bought a pxs for reference. also, i wore a tee shirt underneath and the dress shed all over it.	Dresses
Lovely statement shift. sweet and sophisticated at the same time. the lightweight knit drapes nicely over one's figure. my store showed it paired with a collared cream-white blouse for alternative styling. i know i'll be experimenting with solid tees.	Dresses
This is a pretty dress. like the positive reviews have noted.very figure flattering	Dresses
I haven't worn it yet. i tried it on when i got it and like it alot	Knits
I love sweater dresses and was excited to find a dress that would be long enough for me to feel comfortable in. i am petite, but at my age i am not comfortable in things that fall more than an inch or two above my knee. this dress is much shorter than stated, and much shorter than it looks on the model. i measured the petite xxs (my normal size) and it is 31" from the shoulder seam to the hem, not 36" as stated. five inches is a big discrepancy. the color and style were lovely, but i just can't	Dresses
I love this sweater dress! i was hesitant to order it after reading some of the reviews, but fear not, friends--this is a comfortable, flattering, warm dress with a unique twist. i love the cowl and the buttons down the back. the knit is fairly large so there's some give to it, which means pulling it on is a breeze, and the buttons don't slip out of their closures unexpectedly, which is an added bonus. i ordered both grey and navy. i stand at 5'6" and would describe myself as pear-shaped, typica	Dresses
This dress is super bulky and unflattering. the knit is loose and see-through. looks like it was knitted by a five-year old. if you need a dress that adds twenty pounds then this is for you. back to the store it goes	Dresses
This blouse runs large, billows out slightly, and hangs in a boxy straight way. i'm normally a medium but can probably wear a small in this blouse. the blouse is lined with a light-weight material but i can still see through it just a little bit. although very pretty, the blouse can snag easily so be careful when wearing. regardless, i plan to return for a small because this blouse is beautiful and unique. perfect for fall with its warm colors or summer because it's light weight.	Knits
This dress is so cozy and soft. love it! the cowl is big in a flattering way. absolutely adore the buttons that run down the back of the dress. such an unexpected detail which makes retailer pieces so special. i would layer tights and tank underneath anyway so the see through aspect other reviewers mentioned wasn't apparent to me and also wasn't as big a deal.	Dresses
I was very impressed with the fit of this sweater dress. i am a 4p, 5'4" and the length and general fit of this is perfect. the fabric is so soft. love it!!	Dresses
I purchased this dress online and it just didn't fit my body very well. it also arrived with a pretty sizeable hole so i can't say that i'm impressed with the quality. there were other areas too where was a loose thread which i'm sure will develop into another hole eventually. returned.	Dresses
I love love love the soft fabric and the cozy cowl. however mine not only had a giant hole, it seemed like the yarn started pilling as soon as i touched it. love the idea, but not practical, even without a hole =)	Dresses
This sweater dress is so soft and great quality...you can dress it up or down... i will get a lot of use out of it!	Dresses
This sweater dress was incredibly soft, and i loved the button detail down the back. unfortunately, i'm an hourglass figure (32dd with 26'' waist). this sweater did nothing to flatter me. i tried it in 2 different sizes; the ps looked far too big on, but the pxs created an awkward baggy area in my midsection while fitting nicely elsewhere. the petite length was great - i am 5'1 and i would not have wanted it any shorter. wish this was a little more tapered in the waist, because the quality is lo	Dresses
This top is everything it promises to be. i read other reviews and purchased a small (i'm typically between an x-small/small depending on the day of the week) and was glad i did. a medium would definitely have been too big but the small fit perfectly. i have a shorter torso (5'3"/117 pounds) so i didn't experience any apprehension about my stomach showing. i paired it with a pair of skinny black ankle pants and a pair of navy and grey d'orsay heels. it worked wonderful and i can't wait to pair i	Knits
If you are in between sizes order smaller size. adorable dress. boots or booties look adorable with it. denim jacket or dress it up. can go either way! colors are beautiful. i ordered the small and medium and kept the small. i did have it shortened. for reference, i am 5'4. 120 pounds.	Dresses
The colors look better in person and the sweater knit is thinner than i expected (which is actually a plus in my opinion) so i was very happy when i opened the package, unfortunately the fit was off for me. the lower part and the back are perfect, the dress hangs nicely, no puffing, no stiffness. however, the upper part at the front was tight and something about the armholes made my arms and upper body look beefy (i promise i usually don't have this problem). i am 32a and routinely order xs. the	Dresses
I adored this when i saw it online, paired with the leather skirt. i waisted impatiently for it to show up and, when it did, was happy at the price point but unsure of how it would feel. for the cut, i would say it runs tts. i am sometimes an xxs but in this case that size was tight across the shoulders. i am worried that the xs will be too roomy in the waist but time will tell. as for quality, well, you can feel the polyester in it, for sure. it's nice to have the lining, but i would not say it	Knits
This sweater dress color is great and texture is nice however ran huge. read the other reviews before ordering and ordered down to a medium and was just to boxy and could not get it to hang well. unfortunately it went back.	Dresses
I absolutely love this sweater. it is a great quality sweater dress and a beautiful color. so comfy and warm too. i never want to take it off. definitely one of my favorite purchases from retailer.	Dresses
This dress immediately caught my eye in the store. the colors are vibrant and the cut is flattering. i wear a smaill and it fit perfectly, the sweater material is not thick so it can be worn all year. it is very versatile.	Dresses
I love this dress?sophisticated and amazing?fabulous fabric. however, if you are petite and take a 0, it will be enormous! i am trying to decide if i send it back or have it altered.	Dresses
I really thought from the picture that the dress would be more fit for a curvy figure. it is, unfortunately, more well suited to those women with straighter lines. the color was more flat than the picture as well, but i bet it is lovely in navy.	Dresses
This top is really pretty, however i found it to be super small. i know meadow rue tends to run small, but this small was like an extra small. i'm not large chested either . if you are super straight/thin with a long torso this is the top for you.	Knits
Really cute dress for work. fits exactly as i expected. this dress is very comfortable and looks put together on days when you're being lazy and just want to "throw something on".	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress, just not for me though. since i'm 5'10" it hit me 2-3" over my knees. the colors are vibrant- would look good on most!	Dresses
Fits like a dream: not too tight, not too loose. arm holes aren't too big (a common problem for me in sleeveless retailer tops/dresses), the sweater material isn't itchy, and the pattern is unusual and eye-catching. i felt confident in this dress and received many compliments. great addition to the spring wardrobe.	Dresses
This is absolutely huge. it felt like it was at least 2 sizes too big - the empire waist wasn't even semi- fit. 36d chest and size small was like a tent. however, the embroidery was beautiful	Knits
The top does run large around the upper waist area. arms fits perfectly for athletic shoulders and biceps! the sleeves come about 4 inches shy of the wrist. the embroidery is lovely and the material is very soft but is pretty thin. overall i am very happy that this tunic is actually a tunic! the length goes below the butt and is a very cute buy.	Knits
In contrast to the other reviewer, i love this dress. worth the sale price at least.	Dresses
An awful dress! retailer why didn't you post my last review. i would not even give it a quarter of a star.	Dresses
My favorite colors are purple and green, so when i was in the store and saw the beautiful purple flowers on the top of this blouse and all up and down the sleeves, i was was blown away. i was disappointed by the bottom of it, just huge, flowy, green fabric with no design on it whatsoever. i went with my first impression and bought it, but now that i'm trying it on in the house, i'm still bothered by the throw-away bottom of this blouse. i'm thinking this is just another retailer maternity t	Knits
I was so smitten by this shirt when i saw it online. i love embroidery and purple is my favorite color. i am a size 10 and decided to order an l. the shoulders fit well, but the rest of it was huge...like another reviewer said...like a maternity top. i would also concur with the reviewer who said " [what] takes away from the lovely purple flowers is the blotchy moss dye finish on the fabric." this is so true. the embroidery does not stand out / is not highlighted like in the photograph; they hav	Knits
It's a lovely pattern on a soft tee. the fit is similar to how it looks on the model, not clingy at all. it should be noted that it's fairly see-through. if i wear a bra that's close to skin color it's not an issue, but it is obvious if you're wearing any kind of patterned or contrasting bra. i suppose you could wear a cami underneath, but it's too hot for that in florida and i think it defeats the purpose of a t-shirt. overall, i'm very happy with this, though i'm also very very happy i got thi	Knits
I loved this t-shirt. i got the grey one in small. i'm a size 2 and 5'3. it is a relaxed fit. i love it because it is a bit different and the flowers add a nice flair. i didn't want t plan t shirt but i also didn't want anything too crazy. fits well and is soft too.	Knits
This is a very nice quality t-shirt. i loved the material & colors. i got it on sale and the only reason i had to return it because it was small on me. due to the nice sale, another size was not available.	Knits
When i saw this shirt, i knew i had to have it! i got the white with yellow flowers, and the pattern is perfectly charming. i'm 5'2" and petite with a short torso. the petite xs fit me perfectly! the material is pretty thin, so i hope it stays in good shape. until then, i can't wait to dress this up for work and dress it down for casual summer days.	Knits
I love flowers! i love flowers on my basic tees even better! simple,comfy,but different from your every day plain old tee!	Knits
Love the color and the design. it is slightly see-through which i don't like but it still works wotb a nude bra. very comfortable!	Knits
The tee is adorable in the floral print. the fit is true to size, as it is a casual tee rather than overly fitted. the cuffed sleeves are a nice detail. i would have bought this at full price, but it is quite see through in the white/yellow floral. i could easily see my nude colored bra and even my belly button it was so sheer. having to wear a tank underneath this completely defeats the purpose of a cute, casual tee you can just throw on. i was so disappointed that it was so sheer. i think the	Knits
I love the cut and fit of this t. it's soft and has just enough flow to be comfortable without being unflattering. the gray floral print is very pretty. it's perfect with jeans or shorts in the summer.	Knits
Cute shirt but it is very hard to wrap my head around being an xxs. sizing is ridiculous. and now that i have an xs that is too big, the xxs are sold out. typical.	Knits
This is casual and comfortable.along with soft touch of its textile, i also like the pastel color of flower prints. especially, i love the purple flower print with grey background (which is sold out already).it also fits well with my body and makes look cool. it is perfect for everyday use.	Knits
This color came out after i had purchased the same in the gray motif. when i saw this one, though, i simply had to have it! it is such a happy print and different color scheme from anything else in my closet. i had purchased the gray one in regular only because the petites were all sold out, but i was able to get this one in my usual small petite size. it is most definitely a better fit/length for me. i don't usually like to pay so much for a t-shirt, but i will splurge for something like this t	Knits
I love this t-shirt, i wish it came in tons of other prints! very soft, almost feels lived in, and high quality all the same.	Knits
I have a closet filled with black lace dresses but this one is my new favorite!the style is classic with an unexpected yet still elegant twist.i ordered my usual size and found it to run a little on the small side, especially in the waist.this is one dress you need to have in your closet.if you are in between sizes i would suggest going up one size.	Dresses
Tshirt is beautiful. looks like watercolor. the fabric is a thin soft cotton that is really nice. i am 5'6" and very thin. xs fit well and was not too short. s would have been fine too. i would choose a size by your shoulder width. i bought my mother the medium.	Knits
Very soft! i sized up. was able to wear without a cami underneath	Knits
I tried on about 25 items in the store today and didn't buy anything but if i had bought just one thing it would have been this great floral t-shirt (i may have to go back for it). the combination of the very soft material and faded look of the pattern gives it the look and feel of an old favorite tee shirt. the fit is exceptional as well- not too loose or too snug. i would definitely snap it up on sale and may even have to cave to the full price.	Knits
It's a t-shirt. a very cute print, nice cut, very soft--but a t-shirt. therefore, why is it almost $50???? tried it on in the store and loved it, but i just can't justify $50 for a t-shirt.for those who will not be deterred by the price: i normally wear about an 8-10 dress size at retailer, and the medium fit well.	Knits
Love this shirt! i love florals so the bright pretty yellow just had to be mine. it is true to size, perfect neckline- not too low or high and very flattering. see through enough to require a cami, but worth it. very soft fabric and really comfy.	Knits
I got the xs and it fits perfectly, almost an a line cute slightly fuller on the bottom, not too form fitting and not too loose. i am 5'1" and the length is not short as it appears in the photo on the model. the yellow flower pattern is super cute. material is soft and comfy.	Knits
This tee is very pretty - i purchased it in the grey/purple combo. i usually wear a medium in this brand just because i don't like my tees to be fitted but i found this one to be a little too loose for me so i should have sized down to a small.	Knits
This tee is so soft and comfy. it looks nicer than a regular tee but still casual. fits true to size, and not too loose, but not too clingy. i know i'll wear this one a lot!	Knits
I like the look of this tee and the fit is fine but it's described as a "cotton-rayon jersey" and in fact it's 50% polyester. i would not have ordered if i had known and now have to take it back.	Knits
I loved this t-shirt in the gray motif so much, went back to get the yellow:-) both go great with pilcro hyphen chinos. while the fabric is a little thin, it's super soft and just the perfect length.	Knits
I ordered the yellow. i love this shirt it such a happy print. can match a lot of things.	Knits
I don't know why i didn't pay much attention to this tee (the yellow), but i didn't. i saw it in the store, thought it was interesting and kept on going. then i really looked at it online and suddenly i had a bad case of the wants. so when i was in one of my local stores i asked about it, and no surprise, it was sold out. at the suggestion of my sales associate i tried on a solid one just for the size. although i'm small, i have several tla tees in medium, so i tried on a medium and a small. as	Knits
This t- shirt is adorable. i saw this in the catalog and ordered it immediately- despite the $50 price tag. cute with jeans, khakis, shorts, under a denim jacket, the options are endless. print is very cute but the sizing and quality left something to be desired. the material is extremely thin- it will be a matter of time before holes develop... no matter how careful you are. i ordered a large to be roomy and it was way too big.	Knits
Such a great purchase! it can be dressed up or down and seems to go with everything! great for summer!	Knits
The shirt is darling, soft and relaxed fit. i usually wear an xs or small in most retailer tops. unfortunately, i ordered an xs and should have ordered the small. i found the length to be a little short in the xs so i'm sending it back to exchange for the small. i hope it's just a little bit longer.	Knits
I ordered this on-line. while it fits well before washing, the fabric is a bit thin. i'm afraid it might shrink in the wash, too. i haven't worn it yet because i'm trying to decide it i will keep it or return it. colors are a bit more muted than i would like also.	Knits
Nice print and comfortable shirt.	Knits
Seems like all i wear all summer are solid colored tees with shorts or skirts. decided this summer i would have patterns! and color! this is a great t-shirt. nice weight. pretty pattern. i found the length on the small to fit my frame perfectly. an xs probably would be good too, but i hate having my favorite t-shirts shrink to unwearable so i always start a little bigger.	Knits
Literally the only reason i am giving this 4 stars is because of my history with this brand (holes developing after minimal wear). i will do my usual wash but don't dry and hope it holds up!material: super soft and comfortable, almost slubby. i haven't seen the yellow in person, the purple/grey is lovely. fit: moderate scoop neck as pictured (almost oval) that's a nice touch as it's not too low or high at the neck. not overly fitted over the chest or stomach - without being oversized - j	Knits
I bought the grey version of this shirt in-store because of the cute pattern, soft material, and versatility of wear; you can dress it up for work or wear with jeans/shorts for a more casual look. the beautiful purples, greens, and blues of the roses look like a water color painting, and stand out against the grey background. i've already received multiple complements from co-workers and friends, and liked it so much myself i bought the other two colors! personally i think it runs a bit large, s	Knits
Love the fit, feel and colors of this tee. looks great with white jeans, blue jeans and is so springy. longer in length than most tees which is a plus for me. may run a tad small since i am usually an xs in most tops but i bought a s and love the fit.	Knits
I love t-shirts by t la, but unfortunately this particular one was different. the sizing was off. it ran small, although i ordered my usual size medium for this brand. i think the shirt is cute though;)	Knits
I really like this brand. i bought the t-shirt in the gray and the red color. the sizing is different for the colors. i kept the gray in a small and had to get a medium in the red color. they wash very nicely.	Knits
7 months pregnant with twins and i prefer to buy regular clothes that can be worn post pregnancy as well as when pregnant. went to a dr. apt and the receptionist loved this shirt. i told her it was non-maternity and she can buy it at retailer... i think she stopped by on her way home from work.	Knits
Great transition into fall. super soft and comfy. great yellow without being too yellow love it.	Knits
I bought yellow one, and i'm very happy with this purchase. the flower print is beautiful, and the material is light, but not too thin. i love wearing this top with a pair of blue denim or a pair of white bottom.i'm pretty short in height and size 36c. i bought a m in regular size because i like my tops roomy, and it fits really nice, i just tie a small knot on the bottom of this top or tuck the shirt in a little bit, it works perfect.	Knits
This shirt is so comfortable and soft. it has a great fit. it is a little thin, but i can get away with wearing it by itself. i love it!	Knits
Pros: versatile summer weight t. perfect with jeans. flattering cut. nice color palette. made in the usa. reasons for not giving 5's for overall rating and quality... shirt is a bit short overall (i'm 5'4). fabric is thin and a mixed blend of poly, cotton, and rayon. will have to be careful with washing. better if you can purchase on sale. regular price was steep for a t-shirt.	Knits
I love this tee!!! i bought the red, and it is just so cute. the background is a light pink - and there are accents of deeper rose and mint green. i also bought the angel of the north cascade cardigan in rose, which looks great over this tee. buy it!	Knits
I purchased this towards the end of winter because it reminded me of spring time! it is such a lovely soft tee, with a delicate flower design. i wear it with jeans. it always makes me feel happy.	Knits
Great fabric, great fit, great shirt. just found my new favorite for this summer!!	Knits
This is a cute tee but only if you get it on sale. i don't love the material. it seems flimsy and likely to get holes quickly. the pattern is pretty cute but nothing special. glad i got it on sale. as with all retailer tees, size down. xs works good for me.	Knits
I purchased this in the yellow for my daughter and she has not seen it yet. the style is very cute, but the fabric is quite thin. she will have to make that call, but if i had bought it for myself, it would be going back. i'm not willing to wear a camisole under a t-shirt. it also feels like the kind of knit fabric that shrinks and skews when it's washed, so that remains to be seen.	Knits
I debated forever about ordering this and so glad i did! the colors are so pretty. i got the yellow and it's slightly sheer but ok w/ a nude bra. regarding fit- completely tts imo. i'm a 8/10 and 38 c and the med is perfect. i am so happy i did not size up.	Knits
I ordered this dress when it was briefly on sale with an extra percent off. i was very excited to receive it in my usual size large, and wear with a jean jacket and cowboy boots. when i took it out of the package, i could tell it looked really small. i didn't even try it on. i had my daughter who wears a size small try it on, and she couldn't even get it over her hips. if you are tall and thin like the model, it will work for you. it is made of cupro, looks exactly like the photo, the color is g	Dresses
I absolutely love this sweater. it is a beautiful deep blue color. i love the unique cuff on the sleeves.. i feel it does run a bit big but once you pull the strings it shortens up dramatically. looking forward to late summer and early fall so i can wear it!	Knits
I bought this online days before my trip to seattle. i read the reviews so was aware it runs large...and it does. i practically lived in it the whole time i was there. it's very comfortable and once it cools down here in so cal i'll be back in it. some reviewers mentioned it bunched up when tied but didn't like the ties hanging loose. i just looped each one and it works great. it really runs large. i bought their smallest size and had ample room.	Knits
I was immediately drawn to this tunic at the store. it has my favorite colors in it. blue and orange. as one reviewer said, the print is eye-catching. the feel of the material is soft. i am 5' tall so it fits on me like a dress, although if you are a taller person, the slits on the side may be higher on the frame. this is definitely one of my favorite tunics now.	Knits
I found this dress to be beautiful. only down side? you'd need to size up two sizes if you have any breasts or butt. i'm usually size s/m in maeve. i bought this in l and looked like a stuffed sausage. i'm 5'1", 140lbs, 36d, 39" hips. i'd need an xl.	Dresses
I love this sweater! i tried it on at the store and had to purchase! it's even cuter on! i am normally between a small and a medium but decided on the small as it has a loose look. perfect weight for summer!	Knits
I ordered this in my usual retailer size, xspetite and it was too baggy in the bust. granted, i'm only a 34aa, but i would still expect it to be a little smaller in the bust at that size. the elastic waist was a little loose too (i have a 26" waist, 34" hips) and the inner slip showed a tiny bit like another reviewer said but it's the same fabric as the dress. the slip is adjustable but it's attached to the dress at the waist. it wasn't flattering on me in the hips either. this was a miss for me b	Dresses
I absolutely love this dress. beautiful, flattering shape with flowing light weight fabric. i'm so in love with this color. a great dress for a special night.	Dresses
The fit of the dress is fabulous! it is so flattering and true to size. my only complaint is that he lining can be seen at the neckline. it might just be that the one i received is slightly defective. even with this problem, it is a keeper.	Dresses
So glad i gave this a try. looks so much better on than seeing it online!!! i doubt i will ever wear it tied, but it's very cute and comfortable. it will probably be my go-to sweater to throw on over summer clothes when the ac is too cold. it would even be great to throw on over workout clothes! fits tts.	Knits
I love this soft, glistening, flowy beauty! it's my favorite color too! i'm 5'5", 34d, size 6 and a small fit me with room to spare. don't wait!	Dresses
I love the design and color of this cardigan, and the way it was styled in the store display made me snatch one up right away. but unfortunately, it's huge and shapeless (i tried size xs/s) and i'm a waif (5'2", 105#) - i think it could drape nicely on a tall woman but if you are small to average in height it'll hang down somewhere mid-thigh or even lower. you can snug up the ties, as they are threaded through the cardigan like a drawstring, but that just made it look bunchy and even more shapel	Knits
I really like the soft, flowy satin fabric and vibrant color of this dress! i am 5'5'' 125lbs, the s was too large, so i ordered the xs instead. things to note: pockets, elastic waistband with nice detailing on the sides, slip underneath, and large flutter sleeves. i think that women with smaller torsos should consider petite sizing.	Dresses
I like the color of this dress, but its a little thin for fall. on me, the neckline is more round and the sleeves a little cappier. i have dresses in this brand in both a size small and medium. i went with a small in this dress. returning it for a medium.	Dresses
Beautiful detail. fits likes a glove. i have a short torso and design hits perfectly on my waist. may not be good for those with longer torsos. very flattering . arm holes well fitted. no open gaps. i plan to wear this to a november wedding.	Dresses
I just received this dress yesterday, so to be fair, i have not worn it out in public yet. i am deciding whether or not to keep it. i typically love west coast dolan dresses and this one is no different in looks. it's adorable and would be a great addition to your fall wardrobe. my only concern is the back. the back looks like a wrap dress that's backward - just the bottom half (that probably makes no sense). my worry is that the slightest bit of wind could catch it and the whole thing could ope	Dresses
I've been looking for a black off-the-shoulder dress and found this baby in store today. for reference, i am 5'8", 34b, 140-150 and took a small. this dress is a shift/swing style, so if you're looking for something fitted this isn't your dress. as another reviewer mentioned, ladies who are busty may not like this as the ruffle at the top could add unwanted volume. if you are extremely thin or petite, i might size down, but i like my clothing loose vs. fitted so i kept the small. the fabric is g	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress but unfortunately the length of the ruffle up top is not flattering on someone with a large chest. if you are d or smaller, it will probably be perfect. great material, color, and feel. so bummed i had to return it	Dresses
Bought this dress for a wedding in petite. fits true to size. beading & embroidery is beautiful in person. only downside is that the beads & embroidery are very delicate and damage even when sitting on a chair.	Dresses
As other reviewers have mentioned, this dress runs extremely large. i'm a solid medium in maeve dresses usually and got this dress in the store in a size x-small... and took it to my local seamstress to get it taken in! i get that this is supposed to be a "swingy" and "airy" dress but there was just too much space and material for me. i loved the top and the soft material so i am ok with spending money to get the waist taken in. i think this would be the perfect dress for someone with a slim fig	Dresses
This is such a pretty dress but it didn't do much for my figure. i'm fairly long-waisted and the dress curved in around my lower rib-cage. also, the beads were falling off everywhere. i really wanted it to work but it is going back.	Dresses
Bought this is black and white... love them but washed the white by hand and it shrunk...	Knits
I bought this online to wear in my engagement photos, and its absolutely perfect! i typically wear a size l or xl and could have easily worn the l in this top, runs a tad big. keep in mind it is on the shorter side. i will be purchasing a white tank to wear underneath it.	Knits
This dress is lovely - the soft material is prettier in person and the fit is perfect for me. i found it tts, wearing my normal s. i'm 5'8.5" and it hits me a little lower towards my ankles than pictured, but doesn't the floor. it will be perfect for an upcoming wedding rehearsal lunch and a go to summer dress after that!	Dresses
Love this top. i ordered the pink and it was more of a dusty rose. it also runs large - i normally wear a medium top. i am going to exchange it for white in small.	Knits
Fun top for day or evening.	Knits
Loved the one i had in white so much i ordered the green - such a beautiful piece! size seems true to size, and it elevates anything you wear it with; skirt, jeans, shorts....if you are on the fence, jump- you won't be disappointed.	Knits
I tried the xs in store (white) though it is sold out online, guess i was lucky... the top is pretty sheer, i could wear it with nothing underneath, like on of the sales people did, however, you can see my innie... like a big shadow. i like the look, it is a little boxy, but feminine at the same time. mine fits wide, like the model, why i put as true to size... if there were still some xxs, i might have ordered it. it is a bit edgy, not romantic as some other pieces i have. overall, i like. the	Knits
The material of the lace is nice and soft, it is not a stiff lace. i am 5'6" 36dd 146lbs and ordered the small. it fits perfect not tight through bust or the arm holes. i wore today for the first time and everyone that sees the top loves it as much as i do. i ordered the white and in the pictures it looks like a bright white, it is not. it is more of an antique white and i am wearing a nude colored camisole and it works perfect. i think it will be really cute with a colored cami also. this will	Knits
This top is very pretty and you can definitely wear it without a cami with a nude bra if you're an outgoing person, especially for a summer evening. my only confusion is the too high neckline. if it was just a little lower, it would look and feel less "chokey." i keep wanting to pull it down. i'm a size 0 and needed the xxs which fits like most people's xs's as sizing continues to get bigger. really lovely except for the neckline. looks great over white or colored shorts and is a nice mix of cas	Knits
I got the off-white lace top and love it! quality is great for the price. comfortable and the lace isn't super delicate so it seems like it should last.	Knits
What a cute top! it's a little on the short side for me (5'7") but i'm keeping it because it is so pretty. the lace is lightweight and delicate but seems like it will hold up pretty well. trying to decide what to wear under it, but i think it could look cute with a cami for work, or even a cute bra that has some coverage for super casual days. the lace is completely sheer but doesn't feel as revealing as i would expect. would be super cute over a swim top with jean shorts and sandals...wish i li	Knits
This top is beautiful and i have received so many compliments on it. the fit is very complimenting, and i would continue to wear it often except that the fabric is unraveling. the bottom of the lace has raw edges so i would expect some fraying there but my top is shedding long streaks of material with each wear throughout the entire top, 1-5" strands of the lace unraveling isn't exactly a great look.	Knits
Love this top, the lace detailing on it is gorgeous and fits tts. however, the length does run a bit short, not crop top short, but it is shorter than i expected, and i'm s short person.the color is listed as white and as pictured, it also looks white, but it's not. it's definitely an ivory color. i bought a white camisole to wear under it and when the top arrived, the tank didn't match the top.	Knits
The picture says it all. fits tts. love it, love it, love it!	Dresses
The perfect summer top. paired with a small tank underneath and jeans and had many compliments!	Knits
I loved this top . it is exactly what i wanted,	Knits
Love this top! the lace pattern is gorgeous, and the detail at the neck and sleeves make it a little more casual. it's completely sheer, so you do need a white tank or shell underneath. the top is on the shorter side, but definitely not a crop. i'm 34c and 140b and got a small. fits great and pairs well with black pants and heeled booties.	Knits
Fits perfect!! tank top or bath top. swings nicely and not too tight on top. i ordered large and am a 38 d. sits perfect not long not short!	Knits
This will be a frequently worn item. print is beautiful and the fit is comfy and classy.	Dresses
This top is a little more casual than i anticipated especially for the price. it is completely sheer and you do need a tank under it. also, the arm and neck makes it look more like a ordinary teeshirt. still, the lace design is super cute and would work well with both skirts and jeans.	Knits
I really love this dress but i am still struggling with keeping it or not. i have an hour glass figure with a somewhat fullish behind :). it is tight around that area which i think it is meant to be but i am not sure how comfortable i am with that. i wasn't sure about the belt but it really works. i am 5"3 and weigh 118. i did have to size up from 2p to 4 p for it not to feel too tight in all areas.	Dresses
I tried this top on in the store and didn't buy it because i was in a hurry. obsessed about it and it was sold out when i went back. so happy i was able to get it online, it's beautiful. i got a medium and it fits perfectly, enough room that it hangs nicely but not baggy, i'm typically a medium in shirts at retailer. it looks beautiful with high waisted black pants. i wear a cami underneath. i own it in white and tried it on with a black bra only and it looked great, i just didn't feel comfortable	Knits
It's a great addition for summer. defiantly need a tank on under it but very pretty.	Knits
Love this top and will be wearing it for our fall family pics this weekend! it is lovely, soft and flattering.	Knits
I love this dress.....but, and it saddened me that there was a but; the material would wrinkle near the sleeves (fit issue) and the high neckline was a little uncomfortable. i ended up returning it, because at this price point, i need perfection. i would definitely recommend this dress, it just wasn't for me.	Dresses
The lace on this looks like it would be stiff, but it isn't. it's soft and drapes nicely. i normally buy an xl (if it's not a knit) and so i did. the top will fit up to a size 18 in the xl because it is boxy and generous. it fit me perfectly and just tapered my body. it looks looser in the photo.it's as see through as the photo. and, i wouldn't wear a cami under it. that defeats the purpose for hot weather imho. i think a nude bra works just fine. you can see the model is wearing a white bra	Knits
Really great tank. fit runs a little small if you are tall.	Knits
I wore this dress for an after party the day of my wedding day in new orleans. going to a music lounge!! seriously, i kept getting compliments!!! it's fits beautiful and i just love the different type of patterns!	Dresses
This simple lace top is beautiful and easy to wear, but do not wash it. the hem completely fell apart for me!	Knits
I usually try to buy things on sale but after trying this dress on twice, i didn't want to run the risk of waiting and it selling out. it is extremely flattering and i think it will be very versatile - i'll definitely wear this dress to work, out with friends, and you could also wear it to bridal/baby shower events as well. i bought the dress in blue and it is extremely comfortable. i do think it runs large - i am 5'9, 145lbs with a very straight (no hips) / athletic build (have an athlete butt)	Dresses
This dress is absolutely stunning. i did agree with other reviewers that the skirt is very full. i had it taken in, and it fits exactly like the model.	Dresses
I love this dress - the fabric is super soft, and it falls beautifully! wish it was lined, but it's a keeper. it does run big - i'm always a solid medium, and i had to go down to a small for this one (but who's complaining!). the burgundy color is gorgeous! i'm 5'4 150 lbs, a size 8 (m) almost always.	Dresses
Lovely dress. i did send it back only because the length was below my knee and i prefer slightly above the knee.	Dresses
This has quickly become my favorite dress. i bought the turquoise dress and the color is so lovely. the fit is perfect and the lines are flattering and classic. this is one of those dresses that will never go out of style.	Dresses
I love everything by cloth & stone so was excited to see that they made a dress. hooray! i ordered it in the xl, which is my usual size in their shirts. when i tried it on i was so sad to see that it barely fit around my tummy and hips! i am a true size 12/14 and the xl just barely gave me enough room to move. my chest also caused the dreaded "button gape." it is clear that they cut the dress for people with a stick straight figure. so disappointing!!	Dresses
I love this dress! wasn't much on the hanger but fell in love as soon as i put it on. almost returned after reading the reviews about the fabric content and printed design instead of embroidered but tried it on one last time and decided to keep it. the silhouette is just stunning. absolutely stunning. this will be a classic piece in my wardrobe that i pass down to my children one day.	Dresses
I love everything about this dress. the sleeve and bodice detail make this dress exceptional. the fit is true to size. i ordered medium. the length is as it appears on the model- just below the knee. the material is of great quality and the slip lining is made of a nice stretchy knit.	Dresses
I love this dress! very comfortable fit, and lots of compliments for the color (moss). took me from the classroom to a cocktail party. one of my best retailer purchases.	Dresses
This is a beautiful, flattering top that looks great on its own or layered under kimonos or jackets. i bought it in wine and black.	Knits
I love this dress in the photos, and like it enough to keep it--but i don't love it. it runs borderline true-to-size/slightly large. i'm 5'8", 133 lbs, 34 b and usually wear a 6 in dresses. i ordered a sm and med. am keeping the sm. medium was way too big. my main issue is the amount of fabric in the skirt--it's a bit full. in the pics, this dress appears straight, but it's not. the higher waist and skirt's fullness gives it a more casual, youthful look, which is not what i want. but the quality	Dresses
I am 5'2", 120lbs. and bought the 4 petite, which is what i normally wear, and it fits perfectly. the quality of the fabric and stitching is good, not great, and more what i would expect to see in a less expensive garment, but for me, the style, the fit and the fact that it doesn't seem to show wrinkles, at least not before washing, turned it in to a keeper for me. the drawstring ties in the back and i find it a little weird when you wear a belt with it. i tried the ada belt with it, but found i	Dresses
Too bad the blue one is sold out in my size (petite), i ordered the 00p, based on feedback at m store that it runs big, that was a good choice (i am 5'1.5", 115 lbs#. the material teds to wrinkle though, so will have to think about keeping it.cut is flattering, i like it with the belt like the picture on the model, but was nice too with the drawstring and a nice chunky necklace #bought black dress, so gold necklace is nice).length was mid calf, but because it has a rounded hem, it wa	Dresses
I waited to review as i ordered both colors and multiple sizes for comparison.ivory is actually truly longer than the black, i wasn't sure from the photos on line, but having tried both on, ivory is longer (as shown online).true to size/bigger: i am never sure if i should write true to size or big, but went with the xs petite (used to do everything in xs)... at 115 lbs, 30 dd chest, 26.5 in waist,t ehre was room to move super comfortably. petite for sure for me for both length at the kne	Dresses
This pajama-like dress is not worth $150 (full price plus tax in texas), so i can't really justify keeping it. i kept having to pull it over on one side so it would align correctly. it also runs big. i bought the m (which i am returning) and it bunches at the waist but the length was perfect. the s is too short on the bottom. i love the color, but it's going back. i'd buy it if it were on sale.	Dresses
This top is so unbelievably cute! the fit is perfect and it goes with just about anything on the bottom. i personally styled mine with high waisted distressed skinny jeans and it looks adorable. its a tiny bit see-thru, so you do need to wear a tank under it.	Knits
Love the warm color and soft fabric - paired with chic tights and ankle boots and it fits right into a more casual workplace.	Dresses
This romantic top has lovely embroidery and beading details. i purchased this in purple, which is actually more of a cranberry color. i like that the detail work carries over to the back on the cap sleeves.	Knits
This dress not only makes a statement, it is very comfortable and versatile. casual or dressy options! price is reasonable and i am anxious to wear it for the first time. true to size and has some give. i ordered xs. love it!	Dresses
I bought this dress in gray in a size 4. i am usually a size 6, even an 8 in maeve, so i said this dress runs a tad large. it is soft and easy to wear--throw it on and go. i think it looks best with a belt but that's my opinion. i am 5' 8.5" tall, and this is a midi length on me. plenty long. not sure how it will wash. i think a fabric steamer will be needed. all in all, very pleased.	Dresses
Tried this dress in a small. i am 5'6", 135lbs, 34c. the small was huge - the sash helped some, but looked like a potato sack on me. also, i noticed the fabric was piling slighly in the store. i had high hopes for this dress but left this one in the store.	Dresses
Tried the blue motif, size 6, regular.i'm 5'6" and if i were shorter i'd go with petite sizing.stats: 34a-28-36 with broad shoulders, sometimes i go up to a size 8 in blazers but this was a perfect fit. side pockets, dress is unlined and quite lightweight. the tie has to be tied in back and i liked the clean lines this gives in front. nice and simple for when it warms up!	Dresses
Beautiful and versatile dress but shoddy quality. i hand washed (per the instructions) it after wearing it once and the sleeves are already falling apart.	Dresses
I bought this dress in the print and the moss color and may very well return for the dark gray. for reference, i am 5'2", 140 lbs. i have been more recently wearing size 6, but a 4 was perfect, so i do think it runs a bit large. this dress has a drawstring that ties in the back and cinches the waist up nicely, and is very flattering. the waist actually hits at the natural waistline and not up on the ribs. the fabric is lightweight and washes well. i washed and immediately hung dry. it was slight	Dresses
I'm trying to buy more basic, versatile clothes and this dress in gray is great for that. definitely runs large-- i usually wear an 8 and it fits in a 6p. i'm, 5'5" and the petite falls where it does on the model. the regular was unflatteringly long and sack-like. quality seems ok for the sale price.	Dresses
I have these shirts in the blue and green and they were great. i'm 5'4" c chest and athletic build - the small shirts fit pretty good and i love the fabric so i kept them. i really wanted these dresses to work but the cut was different even between the gray and burgundy. there was tons of room in the chest, but it was tight in the shoulders. i really wanted to love this, but there's just too many cut issues. it is a good length for work though.	Dresses
This dress is super soft, beautiful on, perfect fit!	Dresses
This is a cute top but the sleeves are super long. they swallowed up my entire hand when i put my arms down to the side. i also found it to run slightly large. i ordered my usual medium and i had too much room under the armpits. the sleeves weren't as fitted as the model shot either, which i would of preferred. i probably could of shortened the sleeves, but didn't think this style top fit me so i sent it back. this does not require a cami underneath.	Knits
I was in the store today and saw this dress in blue and had to try it on. i usually wear a size 10 in tops to accommodate my large chest, but the size 8 fit great with even a little room to spare. they didn't have the petite 8, so i ended up with the regular size, which falls an inch or so above my ankles. i am 5'2, so the petite may fit better as a midi dress, however, i really love the length. the fabric is soft and airy. can't wait to wear this once the weather is warmer.	Dresses
This shirt is just as great in person as it is online. it's a substantial fabric which is not see-through which seems hard to find these days with whitish tops. the color is more off-white without looking yellow. i ordered a small and medium because i was concerned about the length and tightness in sleeves. they fit almost the same with the only difference being that the upper sleeves on the small were just a tad bit more fitted, but not in a bad way. i'm 5'5" and found the length to be jus	Knits
Great staple item. i have it in multiple colors and like them all. easy to add statement necklace to change up the look. wear it under cardi or jacket to make it not look 'tent' like.	Knits
I ordered both the petite and regular in the olive green motif. the regular fit more as i was hoping so i returned the petite.i am only 5' 4" but my legs are long for my height. i wasn't ready to have the side slits "up to here" and whereas they are not they are still quite high it is modest enough to be worn any place i might wear the dress. i think i will likely wear a belt with it as shown at least part of the time. i just bought some print fabric sling back shoes which go beautifully with	Dresses
This dress would have been gorgeous and consistent with retailer's aesthetic if the designs had been embroidered onto a thick silk/jacquard fabric to give it texture, which is how it looks from the photo. obviously it would have been more expensive, but in any case, this was just a really expensive polyester dress, which it says in the product description, but i gave retailer the benefit of the doubt, thinking if anyone can make even polyester look like a quality product, it'll be retailer. but now i	Dresses
I ordered this dress in small, my usual size (for reference: 5'7", 125 lb). it is too wide. it looks more fitted in the pictures and hangs loose on me. the belt does not help much; it still looks like a sack and i feel like a girl wearing her mom's dress.also, i found that the material crumples easily.	Dresses
Love this dress! it fits perfectly, is flattering, and the fabric is high quality. i ordered the blue print, and it is a vibrant turquoise. i may order in the charcoal as well, as this is a comfortable, cute dress for everyday casual. i am 5'7, 135 lbs and the size 4 was perfect, even a tad bit loose, but i prefer a bit loose to tight, especially with the design with the buttons up the front.	Dresses
I bought the burgundy color in this shirt dress. usually wear a size 4 and xs in most brands. purchased the xs in this dress. i'm 5'4, 118#, 34d. the fabric is rayon however it feels more like a light flannel or soft brushed cotton. like you've worn it forever. the length says 40" long but i found when worn with the belt it rides up substantially. about 2-3 inches above the knee. felt like i was squirming to pull it down. i normally wouldn't be drawn to something so simple but when i walked out	Dresses
Bought this back during an retailer event, because i was in the market something long & oversized to wear over leggings. so when i saw this, i thought it could fit the bill. i read the reviews & knew it was more of a soft, t-shirt-like fabric and is short when belted, so, because i'm 5'10, i was sold!i bought the xl, because i have wide shoulders & a dd chest size. when i got it home -- i was in love: rich garnet & so soft & comfy. then i tried buttoning it. it was just a bit too small & pul	Dresses
I purchased the grey color, and i love love love everything about this dress. the fabric is so soft and feels like pj's. i'm just shy of 5'9" and the length is perfect for work. i purchased the medium, the fit was perfect for me (size 8, 138 lb).highly recommended!!	Dresses
This dress is very lovely - ivory fits as pictured (slightly below knee) in ivory not as the black is depicted (much shorter). fits a little larger than expected and material is very stretchy.	Dresses
Lots of embellishment, striking magenta color, feels great on, with a flattering neckline that isn't too low. i recommend it!	Knits
This dress is much better irl than pictured. when i saw it online i thought it looked very frumpy, but i tried it on in store and loved it. it's a perfectly draped shirt dress, and it ties to define the waist. a classic!	Dresses
This is a very cute dress! the sweater material is not itchy at all. i love the bell sleeve and how the seam at the top of the bell matches up to the waistline of the dress. good quality and well made. i am 5' 9" tall and this dress falls just above my knees. so for me, it's the perfect length. i bought the black dress and i look forward to wearing it throughout the fall and winter.	Dresses
I wasn't sure about this dress, and decided to give it a shot based on reviews, could not be happier. before trying it on i was worried about the length, and always worry about dreaded button gap at the chest, but none of that is an issue.	Dresses
I was nervous about this purchase, but it turned out to be a new favorite. the blue color is stunning on and i can easily see this taking me from work to dinner. i am normally a size 2 or 4 in dresses. after reading reviews about how this dress runs large, i ordered a 2 and hoped i didn't have to return it. the 2 is perfect and roomy. the drawstring can be let out or in for more figure definition. this really is a beautiful and modest dress.	Dresses
Material is nice, great for a party or date night. fits true to size, (l for me, i'm a 12). would recommend. the bell sleeve is right on trend and very tasteful.	Dresses
I ordered this on-line, in a size 8. the fit is ample and fine fine, and the fabric is acceptable, but as much as i wanted to like it, and keep it, i ultimately returned it. it is just too, too conservative for me. i loved the deep olive/khaki colour, and even experimented wearing it open as a duster over a top and slip pants, leggings, or skinny jeans, but the collar and the front pocket styling are just too man-tailored and cargo-like in their styling for me. i tried it with different belts, w	Dresses
Fits well, soft and comfortable	Dresses
I was hoping to wear this dress on my wedding day before the ceremony. i'm 5'5", 130 pounds, usually wear a 6. i ordered this dress in medium and it hangs off of me. it is not straight as it looks on the model, but bells out from the waist. the sleeves are so long that they covered my fingers.	Dresses
I ordered the purple and black first. loved both colors, but they ran large and after i tried on the purple i realized the metallic threads in the shoulder area were irritatingly itchy. for reference, i'm currently 165 and 5' 11" with broader shoulders. returned the larges and just bought the medium purple on sale. waiting for its arrival to see if the threads will bother me after a bit. beautiful, saturated purple color, btw! very true to the image - not cranberry as one reviewer thought.	Knits
I loved how soft this dress was, as well as versatile. however, i only got to wear it one time because after the first wash, a giant fabric tear happened on one of the seams. unfortunately, the fabric is so soft, but rather thin, and it didn't hold. the care instructions say machine washable but i wouldn't put it in the washing machine again. especially since i often have to wash clothes twice in the washer i use because it's so old and barely agitates. would love this if it was made a little be	Dresses
I love this top! looks great with just about any kind of jean (skinny, flare, especially high waisted). even looks good with vests and cardigans. a perfect versatile piece for the fall - you won't regret!	Knits
This is a cute swing top. tts but generous. best thing about it- the color. i got purple and it is so pretty and saturated. i think it'll look great with big gold hoop earrings. alone or under a cardigan or denim jacket. i'd consider other colors at sale price.	Knits
I was pleasantly surprised with this one. fits a bit large. i'm 8-10, the 8 fits just right. the moss is a great staple color.	Dresses
I loved the style when i saw it online and even more in person. the fabric is light but not too light. it has a nice drape i didn't expect. easy to wear and style. the draw string gives it a great shape but a belt is a great addition for more interest. the length is fantastic as well. wonderful midi length but with the side slits.	Dresses
Love love love this dress! but, if you are not wearing a slip...you should be! please wear a slip, you can see right through this dress.	Dresses
I saw this shirt online, loved it, but unfortunately it was sold out in the regular size small. however, retailer shirts tend to be long on me, so i ordered a petite small. it fits great! i am actually happy i got a petite because i feel a regular would have been too long. the shirt comes to my hips. for reference i'm 5'8" 145 lbs. and my measurements are 34-27-38.	Knits
I ordered the coral, size small, it's a beautiful peach color and the linen is very soft. it is longer, and roomier in the waist than i was expecting, however, with skinny jeans it looks great. the detail makes this top very eye-catching, i'm very happy with my purchase!	Knits
This shirt is so flattering. i bought it in the recent "it" color but i wish it came in some additional brighter hues. this shirt is just so lovely. it's long in length too!	Knits
I absolutely love this top! i own it in coral and white. it is simply beautiful and the linen fabric makes it comfortable and breathable. i am so happy i bought this top!	Knits
This is a beautiful, light-weight summer top. i ordered the white - perfect for summer. very feminine. true to size. i am 117 5'3 34b and the x-small fit perfectly.	Knits
I loved the fit and design so much that i splurged and purchased all three! the lavender has a blue tinge to it that makes it really unique. the coral is a little on the neon side but i love that and it's a great color for summer. i'm waiting for the white to arrive and hope it's actually white and not ivory, as retailer colors are sometime a little off. i'm petite and order the xxsp which fits like a dream. not too tight or loose, super comfortable and flattering. easy to pair with white, khaki,	Knits
Feels a bit more tunic than blouse but it's a lovely piece all the same.	Knits
I have been searching around for new and unique clothes to wear to work. this top is cute, comfortable, and well made. these are all qualities that i look for when purchasing clothes. also the shirt is flattering for the stomach if you are like me and had a baby.	Knits
I bought this in coral, it is soft and the fit is flattering. the perfect top for transitioning into fall here in the desert.	Knits
Pretty tee, but not worth the price. lace is beautiful, but fit is blah.	Knits
This is a very pretty top with a nice flow. i love the delicate pattern. it fits perfectly and is great for work or the weekend.	Knits
This is as pretty in person as it is online, good quality (except one item i'll get to), and fits true to size. i'm 5'6", normally a medium/8, and the medium fit great in this top.i almost kept this shirt...so close, i had it on a hanger, but i kept trying it on. the shirt is well displayed in the pics online, but unless you get close it's hard to see that the top button is set a little wide. every time i put it on, my eyes went to the top button (i did get a second opinion and they agreed)...	Knits
This is so pretty! it was beautiful in white but i bought the blue because the fabric is a little bit see through. i'm 5' 4" and weigh about 135 and this shirt fit just like on the model in the picture. it was a nice neat loose. not sloppy at all.	Knits
I bought this in white and coral. i usually wear xl, but both l and xl fit well. i bought coral in l and white in xl. it is a tad see-through but not a lot. the top is comfortable and looks very good on, coral is so dreamy and white perfect for a casual day out. i am not crazy about linen fabric though, it can be a bit scratchy, i would have preferred if the top were in a softer fabric. for now though i plan to keep both.	Knits
This dress is exactly what i hoped it would be! super sexy and great material.	Dresses
I really like the gentle flow of the fabric. this top can be worn casual or dressy by adding jewelry or or a scarf.	Knits
This shirt is very comfortable. though it's casual, its uneven seams and asymmetry give it a littlemore edge and character. fits true to size. i'm 5'5'', 125 lbs and was happy with the small.	Knits
I have this color also in the grey - flattering, interesting shirt. i have think hips but a fuller waist, the vertical lines of this shirt design suggest otherwise. great to pair with torn up skinny jeans! love the petite line now in portland.	Knits
Cute shirt, nice for layering.	Knits
This dress is really cute and is a lightweight knit that is great for warmer days. the color is a lovely dusty rose that looks just like the picture. since it is a knit material and does tend to stretch out, i did go down one size so that it would be more form fitting. the length on the petite size is perfect for me.	Dresses
I saw this online and loved it. i wanted to wait for a sale and a promotion, but this tee-shirt sold out in the color holly. completely sold out but for petite. i bought a s and a m. the small works. it is comfortable. it can be dressy or very casual. i bought the white and the carbon. it is a different style on a tee. if you notice the front neck and the bottom of the back you will see what i mean. i recommend this highly. i can't imagine anyone not liking it.	Knits
Love the way this tee looks and feels. so comfortable and fun! good length. perfect jeans tee.	Knits
I am still in love with my ribboned denim dress from earlier this year. so, when i saw this dress i was super excited and ordered it right away in the same size. it just came and... i'm kinda disappointed. the fit is... shrunken?? kind of like i'm wearing a petite size. it's around 3 to 4 inches shorter, the tie at the waist hits instead right under my bust, and there's some weird bunching happening above my rear?? i kept wanting to pull the whole dress down more, but that's just the way it was	Dresses
I love this top. it's not just an average tee due to the asymmetry in the seams. it's super soft and comes in some great colors. i wish it was slightly longer on the sides but otherwise perfect tee!	Knits
I ordered it with a particular outfit in mind as i liked the purple (burgundy) color. ordered xxsp, as with most t-shirts at retailer, they run a little big. xxs seems to be my new xs (which used to be s!).color was nice , fit was good too, i just felt not "special" enough... but if you are looking for a tshirt, then i say give it a try, as it was comfortable and the shape at least is unusual.for reference, 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist	Knits
I purchased in white. the material is a little thinner than i like, but the material is soft. runs tts over all. the arms are long-but i like this in a t-shirt. i will probably pick up another color in this shirt.	Knits
Purchased this t-shirt in white. it's lightweight and slightly sheer. perfect for layering. looks cute with a poncho, blazer or on it's own. really wish it was available in black.	Knits
This is my new favorite dress. it's a lovely fall mustard shade. the design really accentuates the waistline. i would buy the other colors in a heartbeat. on my petite frame the dress hits just above my knees.	Dresses
I was expecting to love this based on the reviews and my prior experience with this brand, but i'm a little unsure. the front part hangs a bit too low on my 5'4" frame, yet i think a petite would have the slits too high on the sides. i'm just not sure it hangs right on me. it's fitted through the arms and shoulders nicely, and looks great with the front loosely tucked. just not what i was expecting.	Knits
I bought this top in white and my usual size large based on other reviews. the sleeves are wonderfully long enough for this tall girl, which means that they are likely very long on shorter gals. i love the style of this t. the white is slightly see through, but with a nude color bra works ok. i do wish that it didn't cut up so high on the sides. this probably isn't an issue with shorter people, but i need to wear something under it to avoid showing skin. i've tried a white camisole under an	Knits
I was on my way out the door when i noticed this adorable t-shirt and of course i grabbed one and went to try it on. i love it, it's a different take on a t-shirt. it's comfortable and stylish. i ended up buying the white one and gold colored one. i'm even thinking about grabbing a couple more colors.	Knits
I was expecting this to be longer. nothing wrong with it, i will be returning it because it was a little short.	Knits
Lovely color and really nice fabric. not much form to the dress but will be lovely with a belt or jacket.	Dresses
I didn't think top was very flattering and, while in the picture the mismatched hem lines in the collar looked cute in person it just looks odd. this is especially true of the back of the sort where the mismatched hem repeats at the bottom...just looks mis-sewn instead of purposeful. sadly this one is going back to the store.	Knits
This will be my go-to shirt for fall! its a great layering piece with just enough detail to make it different than a plain crew neck long sleeve...the neckline is unique & the slit in the back of the shirt adds interest. fit is slim, nicely tailored which makes it perfect for layering. i will likely purchase more colors once on sale! i purchased the dark grey and color is just as expected. my only drawback is how thin the material is - i can see it getting snags or holes easily, but i will deal	Knits
I was looking for a white shirt to layer with this winter. this shirt looks great on its own, but it has also done great as a long sleeved layer under vests, etc. it's a little thin so i only gave it 4 stars for quality, but it is holding up well so far.	Knits
I have many left of center tees, and this one is a part of that same family. i got the deep purple (kind of an eggplant color), which is perfect for fall. the sleeves are long, the cotton is thick, and i love the small details at the neckline and bottom hem. it's not quite 5 stars for me, though, because it is very high on the sides--not too much that you can see skin while standing still but enough if you raise your arms. not a deal breaker for me, though.	Knits
I purchased this dress on super sale and i'm so happy i did. it looks better on me than on the model and that's never the case. the material is soft corduroy with comfortable give. it moves with me. true to size (i ordered a size 8 and for reference, i'm 5'2", 140lbs, 36c). love this staple fall/winter piece. i wore it to a conference for work with footless tights and a black cardigan. i can't say enough how comfortable it is on! it has a structured give if that makes any sense. love it!	Dresses
I really wanted to love this dress, but it just wasn't flattering on me. i have curves and i was hoping this would hug them in a joan on mad men way (sometimes these dresses that just hang on super thin models can look beautiful in a different way on a more voluptuous woman) but it was pretty shapeless on me. it also dips so low in the back that i would have to get a special bra to wear it. might be right for a more slender shape or someone who can go braless, but it didn't work for this short,	Dresses
This can be worn now on its own or as the weather gets colder it will make a great layering piecei bought one and liked it so much i bought it in another color	Knits
Loved the colors (greenish, coal and white) and shirt texture but the fit was horrible. i sized up to an xl because you can never tell sizing with this line. that didn't help. it fit, although a bit long but the deal breaker was that i looked huge from the side view. since i carry my weight in my mid section, high/low cuts on the side are tricky on my frame. it fit well in the bust over my 34g's and looked nice from the front. i do recommend it. if you have my body issues you might pass.	Knits
Received this and love the style, but it falls just a little below my waist and i like my tops to be longer. it'll definitely fit a shorter torso.	Knits
Nice dress fits true to size. beautiful mustard yellow and soft corduroy.	Dresses
This is a very comfortable shirt  great basic to have in the wardrobe  it runs a little high on the sides	Knits
The dress is true to size, but has generous stretch to it. i absolutely love this dress, i compliments where needed and hides what needs to be hid, for me the tummy!	Dresses
This top was really cute but the side slits were just a little to high for my taste. maybe a size up would have worked better.	Knits
I loved this top when i saw it online, and i still love the idea of it. unfortunately, the execution of the design fell short. i'm 5'4 w/ a long lean torso. i ordered my usual small, and the arms on the shirt were so long! b/c of the way the sides of the top cut up and my 34 d chest, i don't think a petite would work for me. such a cute top, but it just won't work for me.	Knits
Really cute tee... charcoal is deep and great all seasons. cut high on sides... may need to size up to accommodate - depends on body shape. tried the white, didn't buy--- too lightweight, but could work layered.	Knits
Love it fits great very comfy goes with all	Knits
I was please with how well this shirt fits, and how flattering it is, while adding a bit of visual interest with the unique neckline.	Knits
Soft comfortable material- love the carbon color. great everyday casual tee but with a nice bit of detail.i liked it so much that i ordered a second one!	Knits
I'm always searching for a "dressed up tees" and these were fabulous! true to size and great quality!	Knits
The fabric is great quality but it stretches too much around the waist making it look a little awkward. other than that the quality is good.	Knits
This shirt was better than expected. the fit is fitted but still flows. it's comfortable and the material is great. it goes with anything, ive tucked it into pants and skirts but i've also just worn with leggings. looks great either way! im going to buy more of this shirt.	Knits
This is a nice, easy, go to shirt that i will be grabbing for this fall. comfy, but still styled to add a little fun in the everyday white tee.	Knits
Love the gorgeous mustard/goldenrod shade but it's unflattering to my skintone (makes my olive-tan look more sallow). all the versions of the tied dresses that holding horses has come out with are fantastic in fit and flattering to the tummy. if you are busty/broad back/wide rib cage--size up. if you have generous hip/bum curves, give both your regular	Dresses
This shirt is so cute. i ordered a white, but will have to return it for a different color. the white is very sheer/shee through!	Knits
The knit is thin. it's more for a chilly spring or warm fall day. but, it's not see-through, although a bit light weight.the style if figure-flattering and fits tts. i am short and i found the sleeves, length perfect. so if you are tall, you "might" find this shorter in the arms or body on you.i bought the purple and it's a great color. love it!	Knits
Love the design of the t-shirt but the quality is poor in my opinion. i got the white t-shirt and the material is so fragile i can see it tearing or being prone to rips after only a few wears. for the price i thought the quality is not up to par. the white t-shirt is see through but with a nude camisole underneath it is fine.	Knits
I love this dress! it's super comfortable and can easily be dressed down with a jean jacket and some sandals, or dressed up with leather and a good pair of heels. the fit is spot on and very slimming, and i like that the length isn't too short as well.	Dresses
Dress is pretty and works are a tunic, too. i'm short 5'1.5" but the fabric does not overwhelm me.	Dresses
Super soft, super cute but too short for a dress, too long and too overwhelming for a shirt, and didn't like the look with leggings at all so sadly i'm returning. love the colors, feel and style but no way will sizing up or down fit in a way that was functional...having said that..fits tts i guess.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress online and ordered it despite some of the reviews that claimed it cut too high in the leg and couldn't be worn as a dress. i thought it was lovely enough to wear as a long shirt even if that was the case. however, when it arrived the side hems were not cut too high for me and i have successfully worn it as a dress (receiving many compliments along the way). i'm 5'2 (and a quarter) inches, 117lbs. i ordered an extra small and it fits perfectly. the fabric is soft a	Dresses
This shirt is made of a thicker material, so you are able to wear it through multiple seasons. i also liked that it is a bit longer. however, it runs a little large, so i would order a size down if possible.	Knits
This looked more fitted on the model. the xs was still boxy on me, but i loved the eyelet hem so much i kept it!	Knits
I got this for my girlfriend and was happy they had additional sizes online as we were not able to find this in the store. we loved that this could be worn stand alone, with leggings, or as an over-shirt. it's very versatile and is perfect for your fall wardrobe.	Dresses
I wore this for the first time today, and after just about an hour, it gently nicked something and got a hole in the pack. its so disappointing as i love they style and its so comfortable. very poor quality for the price :(	Dresses
I wish i had read the reviews before purchasing online. i love how this top looks online but when i tried on the small that i ordered, it was comical. so so boxy. literally, shaped like a square. it must be pinned back on this model. maybe if i ordered an xxxxs it would have worked...or perhaps for a larger person, it may look super cute!just didn't work on my slim build. :(	Knits
I love this dress! i do agree with the other reviewers - it does come up higher on the sides. it has a hi-lo hem style on me, but i'm short (5'3") and got the petite xxs and it's not too short to wear as a dress. it's super cute!! if you're short(er) and don't mind showing a little leg, i highly recommend it :)	Dresses
This dress is beautiful. i cannot begin to express how pleased i am with the design and timelessness of this dress. in my mind, it takes me back to the 20s and 30s more so than a flapper dress as it exudes the simplicity yet elegance of the early 20th century. the champagne color is light and airy and it is incredibly comfortable to wear. i am wearing this to a musical at the tuts theatre in two weeks with pearls.	Dresses
Great dress with just the right amount of movement and flow everywhere. perfect to dress up for a night out or wear it casually during the day	Dresses
I loved everything about this dress except the length. that fabric is great, the width of the dress was great...not too slim but not too baggy. but the front & side length was the problem. it is longer in the back which was great. i could have even dealt with the front length, but for my age, the way the sides came up fairly high, just couldn't work for me.i you are younger and okay with showing lots of leg, go for it! its really cute!	Dresses
I really like how this fits. it is soft and the eyelet details are very cute.	Knits
The dress ran big but is tight at the bust, material is sooo sheer and the shape of the dress is off. you can't see the ruffle/ flounce that runs the bottom of the dress.	Dresses
I bought this originally for my daughter but fell in love with it when i tried it on and kept it for myself! it is a cotton/polyester blend so it is very comfortable to wear. the length fits nice as well. i have received so many compliments wearing it with dress pants and also with jeans! thank you for making an item that is both pretty, flexible, and meets the needs of young women (and their moms!)	Knits
This is a great dress for me to wear to work, lounging on a sunday and everywhere in-between. i'd even wear it over a bathing suite on a chilly beach. highly recommend it!	Dresses
I love cloth and stone and the softness and prettiness of this fabric did not disappoint. this is not a dress, however. it is a long shirt. the sides were so short the you could see where my bum and hamstrings came together. leggings would ruin the look and as a shirt it would be totally impractical. for reference i am 5'8" and 130 lbs. the small was the correct size, save for the length.	Dresses
I love this dress! i will be living in it this fall and winter! the color is perfect, the fabric is soft, seriously it is so conformable and cute! i will style it with booties, tall boots, with vests, wear it as a tunic! i love it as a dress, i didn't think it was too short at all! i'm 5'7" so things tend to be short on my anyway but i thought this was perfect and hit in the right spots! love love love it!	Dresses
I tried this on in my usual xs (5'5", 128lbs) and it fit like a dream. i was instantly in love. until i looked from the side and realized it was cut up way too short. i have a longer torso and shorter legs and this came up past my finger tips if i stood with my arms down. no way could i wear this as a dress. as a tunic definitely though, but i was really hoping to find a nice, versatile fall dress. it was a let down but i still may consider purchasing it because the material was so soft and it f	Dresses
I really liked this dress. i agree with the others that say the side seam comes up pretty high. i think i'd wear as a tunic or open like the model. i can't justify full price though. tts. my normal med fit.	Dresses
I bought this dress online in the cream/black combo for an incredible deal. i wasn't thrilled about it when it arrived, even for the ridiculously low price, because the contrast between the top and bottom was too big. the two materials are quite different: the top fabric being much more casual than the bottom fabric, and with the color contrast it just looked like a top and skirt that you wouldn't put together if they were separates. when i went to my local store to return, they had the grey com	Dresses
This is a very pretty dress with a unique bodice and neckline. however, it seems to run small on top. i can not zip up the top by myself (zipper is in the back) even though i usually wear a size 2 or xs in this brand (i'm a 32d so i'm narrow on top). i haven't decided yet if i'm keeping it because despite the sizing issue, the dress is lovely!	Dresses
This pink tank is a wonderful addition to my go-to basics. i love the color, which is a nice deep pink that is pretty spot on in terms of accuracy to the online photo. it is a wonderful comfy fabric and the side knot adds nice visual interest to make this top appealing and unique. i also appreciate the wide straps, which means i can wear a normal bra instead of a strapless one without worrying about straps playing peek-a-boo. the only drawback is size. i ordered my usual xs (i am 5'5", 110 lbs,	Knits
I don't know how this dress doesn't have more of a following! it's really perfect. i will say, i am tall (5'8") and lanky. the dress is oversized, but not overly so, drapes beautifully, and will work for any season. fabric is divine. i plan to wear this to work, for travel, on weekends, etc. love the cream/deep charcoal color. at the sale price, this really is a great, versatile find.	Dresses
This is a great light weight tank. true to size, but size up if you prefer a baggier fit, size down for a closer fit. your preference for fit should be your guide. (i prefer a closer fit, so i choose a xs, i am a 6-8 in tops) the arm holes are slim and high so you are completely covered in all sizes. excellent drape, the twist in the front is just perfect! looks great with jeans, print joggers, and even wide leg pants. i imagine it would be fantastic with a pencil skirt - denim perhaps. hope it	Knits
Fits great & super comfortable. i love this dress!	Dresses
This top is perfect under a blazer or sweater! the peplum is pretty and the scallops as texture to the tank. love!	Knits
If you're tall, this dress sits up too high-waisted and this makes your waist look big. it's also kind of thin material on top and stretchy, so even though i'm small chested it made my shoulders and chest look large, but not on a good way. in other words, this dress made me look fat. the length is not bad for taller gals. all in all, not worth it.	Dresses
Got this in white and love the scallop detail. the material is also super soft and stretchy. i would've absolutely loved this in black, but i feel like the white enhances my hips a bit too much. i think this would be super cute on a taller frame. got my usual xs and it was a perfect fit!	Knits
I got this dress in the gray, size small and it fits me perfectly. it hides flaws in your figure and is nice enough that it can be worn to the office and then out later for a date or dinner. i did not try on the white/black combo because i thought the white top part might be too sheer. unlike other reviewers, i think the contrast of fabrics works. i'm not sure why there are negative reviews here, i must have the right body type for it because i love it!	Dresses
Nothing wrong with the dress, sadly it's the body i'm putting it on that's less than perfect. fits fine and tts, but just doesn't do anything for my bit wide hips, other than adds to them. hangs nicely, but jersey top and nylon bottom add to the wide hip issue. that said, i think i may still keep it as its a great length (not too short) and a nice, simple dress. really versatile.	Dresses
I'm petite and pear shaped so i'm small on top and curvy around the hips and love the way this dress fits. it's a relaxed fit so it's not super fitted and it's loose around the waist which is great. it's a wonderful casual dress to wear with a pair of tall boots. i adore it!	Dresses
I'm very happy with the interesting print and unusual bib design of this comfortable dress. the bib embroidery is off in some areas. i find that the swath of beige to be too much since it almost matches my skin tone. to break it up, i took the unnecessary waist tie and used it as a bodice trim, creatively knotting, tucking and securing with mini safety pins. i purchased the m petite and though it has a zipper back, i did not have to unzip to put this on or take it off. i have a heavily padded up	Dresses
The fabric on this top is just so soft. it's a thin cotton knit, and drapes beautifully.the top runs tts, but.....it is tailored to the body. it's not loose and wide in the width. the length hits the top of the hips just as shown.this works for casual or dress. for dress, i just put a fancy rhinestone pin over where the knot is. btw, i bought this in black, which is why adding the pin glams it up. although i bought it in black, it's not sheer so a cami isn't needed.	Knits
I rarely write a really negative review and retailer is my favorite store ever. but this dress is awful. i ordered the black and white. the fabric is very poor quality. the colors are washed out. i almost didn't try it on, but i did and found that, for me, the fit was terrible (though some of the reviewer pictures are cute).	Dresses
I love this shirt so much i bought it in another color. it looks like it does in the picture, loose and flowy.	Knits
I like this top a lot - it's cuter in person than it looks on the model -- it's a little heathered. it definitely fits slimmer one me than on the model, and i'm pretty small on top.overall, nice to see a reasonably priced basic t on the retailer site	Knits
I got size 2p. it comes down a little over my knee cap and i wish it was rather a little above it. i have a small chest about 32b and with a padded push up bra it was still bit loose on the top. i do have a shorter torso. i feel like i could've gone with the 0 petite. i'm a pear shape and more like a size 4 on the bottom and i weigh about 115lbs- there is tons of room to go smaller - it is not form fitting on the bottom at all. has that slight polyester feel but the fabric is beautiful and thick	Dresses
This is the softest, most perfectly cut basic. love the black, wish the white was a true white or ivory instead of heathered. as usual with retailer basics, i prefer the regular length despite being petite with a short torso.	Knits
This product is just what i wanted. it was a great color and nice quality for the price. it is tighter than the model, but i am curvy and that's usually the case. looks cute with a patterned pant and jewelry!	Knits
I purchased this top on 2 colors...a great go to....stylish, soft and very comfortable.	Knits
The fabric felt beautiful, and it felt great on, but once i looked in the mirror it just looked too housedress like. maybe because it runs large. the price seemed high as well. i wanted to love it but i had to return.	Dresses
I'm about 10-15 lbs overweight and the material clings a bit. this would be a wonderful top for someone who has a nice shape.	Knits
Simple cotton garment such that the price seems high. if it had fit perfectly there is a chance i would have kept the dress, but my normal size 6 was a bit large and even though it was size petite, also to long in the upper body. perhaps a 4 p would have fit, but it may have then been too small. puzzling for petite to be too long in upper body. love this shape dress and the color and pattern however.	Dresses
The stitching is why i like this dress. even though the arms and waist were a little large on me, i decided to keep it because of the beautiful pattern. (i think going a size down from what i normally wear would be too tight across my back or too short.) i will wear it with a cardigan, tights, and boots as the weather gets cooler.	Dresses
I absolutely love this top, especially for fl weather.it's soft and falls just a tad longer in the back and is a little fitted in the bust area with a very feline look.i had the tank as well and just love the satin trim!i will say it runs a little smaller than the tank bc i have xs in the tank and needed a small in this!love it!	Knits
The shirt looks a lot less fitted on the model in the picture than how it fit in "real" life. size was not wrong, the material was just very clingy. i was not impressed and subsequently returned it.	Knits
It actually is a pretty good t-shirt, but i wish that i had known that "white" actually means oatmeal with bits of grey and beige. i bought three and will now need to return them all. hopefully i can find it in other colors i like.	Knits
I liked this shirt well enough to order in several colors, preferred it fitting loosely (5'1" around 100-105 size small). i always look for marine was able and this fit the bill, or so i thought; was so so dismayed to see that after one wash the dye had settled strangely into folds making it look like the shirt had cracks all over it. worse looking on the moss green but still apparent in the black, both no longer wearable.i am forced to return the shirts but since i do like the shirts i am goi	Knits
I saw this dress in the catalog and on-line and it looked so lovely on the models. i took a chance and ordered it in my normal size small. when it arrived i was a little disappointed with the weight of the fabric, it was a bit light in my opinion. it did have an interesting texture, (suede like) so i could overlook the weight of the fabric if the dress fit well. unfortunately it did not, it rather just hung there and was not flattering on me. it looked wonderful on the model but i keep forgettin	Dresses
There's something wonderful about this tee. it's the way it fits. it hangs so nicely and is a wonderful year round item. i bought it in black for myself and one for my daughter. she ordered another color and i did, too. when i bought it, one of the gals at the store said it had been such a popular tee this year and, once i put it on, i understood why. i give it a high rating!	Knits
If you're not a petite and are reading this, read on :) i'm always on the lookout in the petite section because many times us fuller girls can fit into these. ________pros:- tts for me. i'm normally a size 10/12 (m/l) in the regular sizes. i tried on the 12p and it fit everywhere perfectly, especially at the bust in which i'm a 36c.- fabric is on the thicker side, but that's what gives it this adorable shape, besides already being fit-and-flare.- pockets :) i always lean towards dresse	Dresses
I love this shirt! great fabric, nice quality, flattering fit. i have gotten this shirt in 4 colors. my only complaint is that the color names do not match the actual color.. not sure who named these. the orange is a lovely burgundy, and the white is actually oatmeal.	Knits
One of the best tops i have ever bought! i love he material and the style. the satin trim around the edges adds a classy touch. i wore this top with yoga pants and then with jeans and it was perfect for both outfits! the shirt is true to size. i wear a size small and it fit perfectly (5'7", 145lbs, 34b).	Knits
The fabric of this dress feels like suede, i couldn't stop touching it. here comes the "but": the dress is cut straight down, no definition. the rosette lace is sewn on, like an afterthought just to make the dress not to look plain or cheap. i tried it on with a belt and by itself, and i still feel like it's just a plain dress that i can get at a discount store. i'm a big fan of tracey reese and own a lot of her dresses, and i feel that this is the most plain dress she ever designed. size s regu	Dresses
This dress can be dressed up or down. it looks cute w/ a black open sweater and looks great alone. the fabric is very soft. although it isn't fitted, it doesn't have too much material either, so it is very flattering on. the back yoke also has the white embroidered flowers which finishes off a quality look. the pockets are nice and light inside. i usually wear a 10/12 and the large fit perfectly. i was also lucky to get it on sale ;)	Dresses
I received this tee in grey as gift and immediately went online to buy another!beware because the color names are confusing. i originally thought it was a mix up in the naming on the website so i ordered the "red", thinking i'd get the red colored tee. however, the "red" tee is actually a light orange color. the "orange" tee is actually a burgundy/red color.i ended up keeping the orange colored tee although i actually wanted the red color, because i really do love the quality of this shirt!	Knits
This dress is pretty and is somewhat fitted in the bodice. it does have an a-line fit in the skirt. the stitching is beautiful. honestly the stitching was a little too bright for me. some may like that, but i was hoping for a little more toned down or muted. the colors are so vibrant in my opinion it almost cheapens the dress. the fabric is cotton and it is not lined. i am 5'9" and it does hit right about where it does on the model. i am sending it back, because i didn't say "wow, i love this" w	Dresses
As the previous reviewer mentioned, this dress is great for a dress that doesn't have a true waist. it really fits awesome. so incredibly soft, high quality material, and the mesh pockets are perfection (pockets that are so small/light that you can't tell the dress even had them when looking at it!). the color of the dress is what initially drew me to it (definitely a different color for a sun dress) and after trying it on in stores i would say 'beware.' though it truly is a rich and different c	Dresses
I love the print and quality and safari look to me. it does run tight across the shoulders i would size up.	Dresses
I ordered this in a 4 (34b, 140lbs., 5'8") because it looked like it would run big, and it definitely does! the 4 fit comfortably but the cut of this dress made me look about 10 lbs. heavier than i am. i am pear-shaped and this dress made me look very bottom heavy, so i returned it. that said, the material is gorgeous!, as it is the perfect weight and the colors are much more striking and complementary in person. if i had a straight(er) silhouette and a larger bust, this dress would have been a	Dresses
I am a horse lover so i had to have it as it is of good quality and unique. be mindful that it runs small and fits alittle snug across shoulder also excellent for layering.	Dresses
This general sweatshirt is cute, stylish and can be dressed up or down. a fresh alternative to the standard grey sweatshirt with leggings for casual mornings.	Knits
I love the model's pairing of this sweatshirt and was struck by it when i walked in the store! like the other reviewer said, you could dress up or down (despite the "sweatshirt" name) and i'm planning to wear it with the galleria corduroy skirt and gray booties. love the stitched pockets on the side! (but i'm unlikely to put anything there since it would probably fall out!)sizing: definitely boxy as the first reviewer said. i'm solidly a small in most tops, and this one i have a bit of spare	Knits
I was looking for a top that would be comfortable as fall was approaching and this hit the mark! it isn't fitted but it doesn't look sloppy either. though it is comfy and is called a "sweatshirt" the fabric allowed me to pair it with a charcoal skirt. i am very pleased with this shirt and would highly recommend it as it can be worn casually with jeans or paired with a skirt.	Knits
Ugh! i am not sure how anyone is giving this good reviews. i tried small, medium and large on and huge huge huge, boxy, fabric bunched at the shoulders and did i mention it's way too boxy? the fabric and pattern are so pretty but the fit is just awful. i would try this one on before purchasing.	Knits
Love this sweatshirt! will look great with gray pilcro jeans i bought recently. xs fits perfectly and i am usually a s or xs.	Knits
Not your classic sweatshirt. can be worn with black, grey, mauve	Knits
I am not generally a fan of sweatshirts but when i saw this on a recent retailer email, i new i had to check it out. the colors are more vibrant in person and not muted like the photo but this wasn't a deal breaker for me. because of the boxy shape, i went with a s. i love the cozy feel and that it is still stylish. i can see this piece getting a lot of use this fall/winter. in fact, i am wearing it right now!	Knits
I tried this on in the store and loved it. it is very comfortable. i sized up one or two sizes. i am very thin and somewhat petite but wanted a little more length. it will be a great dress for fall as the fabric is heavy enough to wear into fall. i think it looks better in person than online. would recommend it if you like this kind of dress. love that it has pockets too. great quality.	Dresses
I was debating getting the petite vs. regular sizing. i ended up going with the regular sizing for the addition couple of inches in length. it is very comfortable and not at all a sweatshirt but more of a heavyweight, wider long sleeve.	Knits
I was looking for a dress that had a lot of color. since i usually stick to neutrals, this was out of my comfort zone, but i found this one and loved it. it's comfortable, not clingy, and i can wear a regular bra (bonus!). i wish the waist wasn't dropped, but i think it worked well. i plan on wearing it more in the spring/summer, dressing it up or down will be easy. i'm usually a size 12 and this fit true to size.	Dresses
I bought this top to add some more color and pattern to my summer wardrobe. it is really cute and a flattering cut. i just had a baby, so it's perfect for showing some curves without clinging. if anything, i'd say it maximizes my bustline more than i expected, but is still very flattering. i think i'm still getting used to my new bustline ;) soft, comfy fabric. not too hot. i get compliments when i wear it!	Knits
Wore this dress recently on a work trip. traveled very well, cut and fabric are super flattering	Dresses
I was hesitant about buying this at first because i'm busty (f-cup), but i love this top and have received a lot of compliments on it. and then i tried it on again at home with leggings and loved it. it's a great spring time top to wear with leggings and boots.	Knits
This is the most perfect dress i've ever bought. i'm 5'8" and the length was perfect. the cut is flattering and very slimming. the fabric is gorgeous and the pattern is stunning. please offer more dresses in this cut!!	Dresses
Love this top. bought it in black and first day i wore it to a party and i think everyone gave me a compliment! it is very flattering to my shape. have a bit of a pooch, and can't even tell. looks great with skinny jeans. look forward to wearing many more times	Knits
Very happy with my purchase. fit very nice! already received compliments!	Knits
Also, a little on the bigger size, i ended up not keeping the xs petite, as i felt it was a little loose and long (would have been more flattering on me a tad narrower and a bit more above my knee. colors are really pretty and so is the pattern. very comfortable and light. xs petite bog on 115 lbs, 30 dd, 26.5 in wasit.	Dresses
I bought this because i thought it would flatter my boxy big busted shape and it does. however, while i liked the irregular hemline on the model, on my 5'5 frame it hits at a strange place and so i will hem it a little shorter. the fabric is extremely thin and not lined so this is definitely a light weight summer top even here in the south. i love the modern styling but the quality of the fabric is a concern, definitely no dryer on this one.	Knits
I ordered the xl and it fits me the same as pictured on the model so it's true to size. the peplum is very comfortable. i love the mix of colors, especially for fall. i've always had great luck with the fit & wear of this brand. i'd love to see this same style done in lighter colors for summer.	Knits
Fits well, comfortable and flattering. i wouldn't call this pattern fabric purple though. it is definitely multi colored and purple should not be called the dominate color.. the picture is an accurate representation of the color.	Knits
Lovely top that will be a great year-round staple to my wardrobe. peplum and pleats are flattering and not bulky. good weight for spring and beautiful for fall with a cardigan. looking forward to wearing it with high -rise jeans and and pencil skirts.	Knits
I ordered it in two colors because of excellent reviews. nice material, but fit is not for me. i will be returning them.	Knits
While i had high hopes for this dress to be my "go to", unfortunately o couldn't get passed how cheap the material felt. the cut and pattern both worked on my petite frame, however, the cut out pieces in front are not lines and exposed the top portion of my bra.	Dresses
I lucked out and found one of these in my local retailer and i absolutely love it. fits well, although, i do think that the sleeves run a tad bit narrow when they are folded up, but i prefer the dress with the sleeves down anyway. fits very true to size. i can't wait to wear this with boots and leggings!	Dresses
I ordered this in a s (for reference, i am 5'7", 128-130 lb, 32dd, with a 27" waist), and it fits nicely. i have a fairly large chest, but i didn't find that the pleats laid awkwardly or over-accentuated my boobs, but i got the purple motif so the pattern (and the higher neckline) may have helped keep the top looking cute and stylish but still modest. on me the top drapes a little more than than it does on the model, but it's flattering and not at all sloppy thanks to the fabric, which has a jus	Knits
This top is absolute perfection. i don't think the photo does it justice as it looks so much better untucked. i don't even have great toned arms, but it's still so flattering. i got the gray one amd might get another color. great value, as well! i'm petite - 5'1" and bought my usual size small.	Knits
I originally bought this from my local retailer in an xs petite. i think it was a return. i brought it home and decided it was just too big for my 5'4" 116# frame. i ordered it in an xxs petite and am keeping it. the colters are just so pretty and it is machine washable which is an added bonus. it is still flowy but not objectionably so. it is meant to be unstructured and bohemain i think. looking forward to wearing this on my upcoming trip to italy.	Dresses
I really am happy with this purchase! i am only 5'1 and this will be a perfect dress for me, the cuts hit at just the right spot!	Knits
Lovely sweater that is good with jeans or a skirt. i ordered an xl and my only complaint is that i wish it were a bit longer in the front. i am heavy chested though so that's how most tops fit me. i ordered the gray/black and it's really nice. i receive lots of compliments.	Knits
A fun top!i tried on both the medium and large (i'm between sizes, 5'4", 34g) and preferred the large. the medium waist rode up a bit on my torso, so the large stayed down a bit. also, the medium pleats did not fall as nicely on my chest.	Knits
What a beautiful, comfortable material and the colors are stunning. i'm so disappointed at the unflattering cut. it fits like a shapeless tent, even the arm holes have big gaps that aren't snug. i am 5'2, 105lbs, and ordered the xxs petite.	Dresses
I wanted to love this top so badly. between the beautiful photos and the good reviews, i didn't think i could go wrong with it. unfortunately, it just didn't look great on. the bust area sagged on my smaller chest, and then the top flared way out from the waist down. it doesn't lay even remotely flat like the photos would have you believe. maybe this would look better on hourglass or slim types. the quality does appear to be good -- the material is weighty and soft.	Knits
Weighs nothing. so comfortable. great length, not too short. fits a tad loose, but very pretty and easy to wear. fun print, flattering, casual style with a touch of class. 5'3 110lbs and the xs fits just as it shows on the model.	Dresses
I am 5'6" and wear between a 9-10 pant and m-l tops depending (i would consider myself a pear bodytype bc i have a thicker midsection and flat everywhere else). for this, i ordered a medium and it was slightly loose so if you are conscious about your midsection, ordering your normal size will probably be fine. the fabric is very lightweight like a normal drapey t-shirt would be made out of, just to keep in mind. the draping is really cool though. i would just probably hand-wash/ dry-clean, or if	Knits
I had this on my wish list as soon as it came in. i just bought it last week and i'm so glad i did. i bought the purple print and it is really pretty. here in northern cal i can wear this almost year round. i am often right between sizes when it comes to deletta tops. this one is a little bit big i'm hoping that the extra room will help keep it cool during our 100 degree days.	Knits
I bought the purple motif in size medium, my regular retailer size. the fit is true to size. the knit is soft and comfortable. this top can be dressed up or worn casually. it is a great all-around basic top for summer.	Knits
This shirt dress has the right amount of body skimming drape and length to flatter my short potbellied square waisted self, i wish they made more versions more colors more sleeves!	Knits
I can wear this top with jeans or a business suit. the cowl neck is the best part. it gives this garment a little pop. yesterday i combined it with a black business suit and white pearls. i had so many compliments!	Knits
I ordered my usual size s in the purple print. this peplum top style, colors/pattern will go easily with pretty much anything.. shorts, pants, jeans & skirts. wear for casual or dress it up. for me the fit is tts. armholes provide good coverage & length is fine. the top has a bit of stretch & doesn't feel restrictive. the waist is banded & a little loose which is fine. don't like tight fitting waists on tops. i like that the waist seems a little lower than other peplum tops at retailer. the skirt	Knits
Beautiful fabric, but the fit was off. the picture makes the dress appear fitted than it actually is. the belt is definitely needed, but would leave a lot of fabric in the back of the dress giving it a less than tailored look. also, the arms and the top portion are a tad small, so if you have a larger bust/arms, this dress may be tricky. i am a 34b and the button in the xxsp was puckering a bit.i was really looking forward to this one for fall, but was no way for me to make it work.	Dresses
Love this tank! the purple motif is gorgeous, and the carbon color is a rich dark gray with a slight blue tinge. at 5'4" / 130# with a fairly proportionate torso to leg ratio, i sometimes need a petite in tops like this to avoid the armholes being too long. in this top i found the petite small too short, but the regular small was perfect. the waist hits right above my natural waist, the hem is just a skosh lower than the model photo, and the armholes are the right length. beautiful flattering cu	Knits
This dress is absolutely lovely. i couldn't leave the store without it, even though it was full price and i have a million dresses. it's just that great. i am 5' 8" 130 lbs and bought the small	Dresses
This shirt has it all. great staple piece to add to your wardrobe. not only is it classy with a pair of black pants and booties but you can add a little spice to it by dressing it up with some funky earrings. found it to be a bit large in the armpit area so i sized down.	Knits
Like the other reviewer said, the print is more beautiful in person. i am usually a small in meadow rue, and this fits well in a small. my only issue is that the lining hangs out from the bottom, and hangs out unevenly! hopefully i can exchange it or get it sewed up evenly.	Dresses
This top is super flattering and comfortable. perfect summer wear!	Knits
Was very disappointed with this dress. it's very baggy, no shape. felt like an oversized sack. purchased in med. bust area was only semi good fit all else flopped :(	Dresses
This cute top is made in the usa- yay! it is a flattering cut and looks great under jackets. i prefer the ivory color and feel of the fabric. the black and white was cute, but hung strangely and felt stiff. i am size sm/med, 34c and went with the small. cowl is cozy and can be styled to keep you warm.	Knits
I bought this t-shirt in pink, blue, red, grey and black over the past year. every one of them except the grey, has gotten little pin holes in the front of the shirt below your waistline. i've returned them all. the fabric is thin and the quality of the t/shirt is terrible.	Knits
Oh my goodness, i paid full price for this dress because i loved it so much. i styled it with a cream lace poncho , also from retailer, and it is gorgeous. at the sale price, you can't lose.	Dresses
This dress is probably the most comfortable dress i've ever had! the fabric is very comfortable and breathable, and it flatters my straight body type.	Dresses
I was hesitent to order this, was worried it would be too shapeless. i'm glad i ordered it as it is light and flowy though not so much that it makes you look like a shapeless tent. the colors are vibrant and the smooth fabric feels good against your skin. it is lined. i had no issues with the bust (i'm 38c). i wish it were an inch longer (i'm 5'9).	Dresses
This dress was gifted to me and is a perfect compliment to the holidays. i can't wait to wear it! the bottom portions shines (i am a devoted lover of all things sparkle and shine) but it really stands out with the darker background. the pleats hide imperfections in body shape and would make a flattering dress on most figures. i also like that the top layer extends below the bottom one, leaving little extra sheer to tastefully show more leg.	Dresses
This dress is just so beautiful. i purchased the teal with beading at the hem. the beading is subtle and beautiful. i'm wearing this do a spring wedding, even though i believe it would be best in cooler months. i so wanted the plum option with the flower aplique at the hem - wouldn't that be perfect for the spring wedding - but all gone!note - the teal with the beading - the beading weighs a bit, enhancing the lines of the dress - doesn't stick out, doesn't make you look like your wearing a dr	Dresses
Beautiful dress. the dress appears more blue in the picture- it is actually green. made well- i love it!	Dresses
I bought this to wear to and english garden themed party and i loved it for this event. it is very bright maybe even more than the pictures if that's possible and the skirt is was long on my 5'4 frame so i had to get it it hemmed several inches so that it didn't give the 50's housewife look. it was comfortable and i the skirt had just enough poof to make me feel great. i could wear a regular bra but not sure where else i'm going to wear this but i'm going to try to come find another event worthy	Dresses
I purchased this dress for a black tie optional wedding in the mansions of rhode island. it was comfortable and appropriate. i received so many compliments from strangers. wonderfully twirling dress for dancing too!	Dresses
I love this dress. even more beautiful in person ??	Dresses
And runs large. i'm always a size 8 in dresses and the 8 was too big. i would buy it in a 6 if the color was closer to what i'm seeing online.	Dresses
I never buy prints.....but this was so understated and elegant i could not resist!just received and it is lovely!beautiful soft hues with the softest of pattern that will look fantastic with jeans.the buttons are beautiful and a special touch!will be wearing this top often........pretty, soft fabric, comfortable fit and a "goes with everything and everywhere piece!"a must get!i wear a medium and ordered my usual size and it fits beautifully.love!reminds me of a monet watercolor..	Knits
My husband rarely seems this pleased and he always likes to see what i try on. oohs and aaaahs galore with this one! let's let him review this one....he says he loves the vibrant color, length, and the way the top is perfectly fitted. he was impressed with the lining and the "mesh" at the hem that keeps the 'flare' in the skirt (i had to explain that one)! he likes the way it looks with a sweater and without and said that i could use more than one of the many pairs of shoes with it that he sees	Dresses
The material, deep color and design are gorgeous. however, the dress is just too bulky for my 5'2" and 110lb frame. i ordered a 0p, and it just wasn't flattering on me. it's somewhat tent-shaped so the fact that it's not at all fitted and has a thick lining made me look larger than i actually am. i'm so disappointed because the dress really is beautiful otherwise.	Dresses
I really wanted to love this shirt. it looked so nice and cool for summer and i don't own anything purple. the color was really nice, very subtly feminine. i am a little too short for this style though. i am 5 ft. 1 inch, 105 lbs ordered an xxs and it was still too wide. the side slits came up a little too high for my liking, but i easily could've stitched those up a bit and they'd have been fine. i think this would look great on taller women, but on me it looked like a dumpy sack.	Knits
So much to love about this dress! the color is exactly as pictured in the video, not photos. the fabric is substantial, beautiful colors. the dress is well constructed , back zipper and is easy to put on and take off. it is not only lined but has a crinoline built in to the liner! it's not super puffy, just enough to give it some flare. i am 36b, 5'8", 155 lbs and bought a 10. it fits me perfectly! the shoulders are a smidge too big but not enough for me to have them taken up just yet. oh, and i	Dresses
Truly the only word that comes to mind when i think of this dress is dazzling! the pictures online just barely do it justice...if you have an retailer nearby, check to see if its available in store and go check it out in person. it does not disappoint! every year around this time, our beloved retailer seems to come out with this style of dress. in the years past they have all been different and beautiful, but i think they have truly outdone themselves this year. this dress is a deep emerald green...	Dresses
I bought this in the green and i had to try a few to get one that sat well- in fact i tried on a size above my normal size and that particular dress was shorter and tighter than my normal size. when i reordered my normal size, it was a pretty good fit. i kept the dress but am still on the fence on whether or not i should actually keep it- it took so long to find one that fit well that it missed the holiday events where i'd hoped to wear it.	Dresses
I've worn this dress to two summer weddings and i couldn't be happier with it. this dress is extremely flattering. i usually wear a size 12, but i returned the dress for a size 10 which fit perfectly. the exact same dress, but in a different color was being sold at another major store. the other color wasn't nearly as flattering (but still cute) and the price was comparable.	Dresses
I bought this dress in the store and realized that it was a little too long for my frame...i'm 5'1. i then found it online in the same size but in petite and it fits perfectly! i got a ton of compliments and i wore it to a holiday wedding and am planning on wearing it to several other occasions over the holidays. would def recommend this dress.	Dresses
Loved this dress. fit like a glove, so flattering, and perfect for a summer/fall wedding. material is substantial and dress is well made. i'm 5'4, large chest, and curvy, and a size 6 fit perfectly. longer than seen on the model for me, but i actually love it being tea-length. a strip of tulle attached to the lining underneath the skirt to help it "poof." i removed it, but looks good either way.	Dresses
I think the shirt is supposed to be a relaxed fit, but i could have definitely gone down a size	Knits
I normally stay away from dresses like these because they have a tendency to make my tall, hourglass frame look like i had one too many burgers. however, i saw one left in the store and was drawn in by it's color and beautiful sequins. my thoughts below:________pros:- exactly as pictured. i got the purple option, but i did see another lady grab the green. both are beautiful in different ways.- like another mentioned, the sequins on the bottoms gives some weight to the dress, but in a g	Dresses
This top is beautiful in design, but sadly, i will be returning. it is hand wash, and even after doing so, i had 2 unraveled threads resulting in large holes. unfortunate since it was so flattering before washing.	Knits
I get so many compliments when i wear this... colors are great and print is unique. perfect for fall.	Knits
This dress fits to a t! true to size. very flattering. fabric is soft and comfortable.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely gorgeous. every time i wear it, people just don't stop admiring it. great material and great fit.	Dresses
I am in love with this dress. ordered online in both my usual 4 and 6 (i go back and forth) and this time i kept the six. there is a little bit of stretch to the fabric but it has nice structure and the cap sleeves make it a welcome addition to my wardrobe. i plan on wearing this as a day-to-night dress since it's appropriate for work and for an evening out.	Dresses
Love tiny. i am 5'7", 125-128 lbs depending on the day, and a 34a. i also have a very long torso, and tiny shirts are one of the few brands that are usually long enough for me. this one, however, was a huge miss. i ordered online in my usual tiny xs. it was much too big around and felt shorter in the front than stated, so it looked boxy on me. however, the worst part was the placket. the description doesn't note that it's held together with a tiny snap. that snap takes nothing to undo, and then	Knits
I buy pretty much every tiny top retailer carries and so of course i grabbed this one online. i would say size wise it's consistent for tiny, which in my opinion is in the "runs small" category as i'm a large in basically every top ever except the tiiny brand where i always have to take an xl. anyway, the print is beautiful but the neckline is strange- there is a very flimsy button keeping it tacked shut at the very top, and if that snap pops open it's open all the way down to the waist area where	Knits
Was so excited to see that this colorful top came in petite sizes! it fits perfectly and so happy that it doesn't fall too long. looks great with a longer cardigan sweater. very happy with this find .	Knits
I love the colors and pattern on this dress, and it's nice that it has a lining so no slip needed. the cut works perfectly for my big booty figure however, i'm pretty small up top, and the neckline comes pretty low, so i either have to wear my craziest push-up bra, or get the top altered. i haven't decided what my plan is yet, but will keep the dress for sure.	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the blue version. its a lovely dress that would be perfect for summer. the dress fit tts on me .. it is a little low in the neck area and it is a little uncomfortable in the torso area. i am on the fence about keeping it. the skirt is flouncy, cute and fun. i hope i can get it to work	Dresses
Beautiful color; however, the fabric did not work for me. tight on top, large on bottom.	Dresses
5'6 149lbs 34d normally size 6i picked this up on a whim to try on and i am glad i did. it is very flattering on my curvy frame. it does run a big big so i sized down to a 4 instead of my normal size 6. the top is still a tad bit big as another commented- not enough that i would need to have it altered but enough that i probably wouldn't wear it to work without a cami under it. over all i love this dress. its very flattering and flirty and it makes me feel pretty! i bought the orange motif	Dresses
I love this tank. super soft and comfy. i wear with leggings, jeans, shorts- anything. longer in the back so will cover your butt- at least it covered mine. runs slightly oversized. love the asymmetry in the front- very flattering. very happy with it.	Knits
Online this dress looks so perfect, but in person it's a bit dowdy and unflattering, at least on me. i'm a size 4 with curves, and i was hoping it would enhance my waist and flatter my figure. but, sadly, it was too large on the waist and too poofy in the skirt, so it just did nothing for me. i considered sizing down to a 2 so that the waist would fit, but the skirt still has too much fabric, making my hips look large. so much potential, but missed the mark for me.	Dresses
It looks adorable in the picture... but just not flattering in real life. too much fabric in the skirt that flares from the waist in a bunchy, unflattering way. makes a slender but curvy figure look boxy, rather than enhancing curves. it's a pass. love the blue print, though.	Dresses
I am 5' 5" 150 lb and i usually wear a 10 or 12 in tops because i don't like clothing too tight on top. i took a chance and got the xl because it was all that remained. now i wish i could be more! please bring this back retailer!	Knits
I have had this shirt for a little over a month. i've wore it maybe 3-5 times and there is a small hole in the middle of the sleeve on my shoulder. it's not even on a seam, so i can't fix it. i expect much better quality from retailer. don't buy this. the quality is very disappointing. which is really unfortunate because this is a very nice fitting shirt and goes well with pencil skirts.	Knits
I saw this dress in the store window and gave it a try. i found it to be super flattering and feminine. the bodice is form fitting and the skirt flares out to a full skirt. the colors are fun and vibrant. the neckline is a bit low for work but perfect for evening. it is true to size.	Dresses
Some quick notes- it is not sheer, like a previous poster was asking. there is a lining. the color is darker than it appears online, which was ok with me. i thought it still looked nice as a deeper gold. i was excited about this top, and thought it was the perfect thing for a casual/festive company holiday party. i ordered a m, and am usually between m and s in most retailer items. unfortunately it fit me rather boxy and short. i have a larger bust (30g) and it draped in a very unflattering way. m	Knits
I bought this dress in the orange and it is great for summer. even though i am normally a small/size 4 at 5'5" & 118 lbs, i opted for the 6 because i am busty (34d). this was the right call. the dress is comfortable, flattering and i got lots of compliments. it's a keeper!	Dresses
I ordered this turtleneck in white and was very surprised to find that the material is so thin and gauzy it's sheer. i will definitely have to wear a white camisole under this every time i wear it, even when using it as a layering piece. it seems to run true to size if not a little small. the neck is interesting because it is so light and floppy...you can adjust several ways. it doesn't hold form well, though. i will most likely keep it but will never wear it without something both under and ove	Knits
Oh boy...i didn't get this one, and it runs small. too bad.	Dresses
The dress has an awesome fit and the perfect length. it's easy to make it more classy with a summer cardigan.	Dresses
I didn't notice what some of the other reviews have said. i think it's very flattering, makes my waist look tiny and the flouncy skirt is a lot of fun. it is low cut in the bust, but not crazy. i'm a modest person and i'm comfortable with it. what i like best however it the cut of the top. it is wide enough at the arms to cover any armpit bulge! the fabric is very light and soft and the colors are vibrant and fun. it does run a tad large. i can go between a 2 and 4 in most retailer dresses and got	Dresses
Love this dress! sadly, it ran so large that it was literally falling off of me. because i bought it on sale, the option wasn't there to buy a smaller one. the quality is excellent and it's perfect for a spring or summer day in miami:-) sorry to have had to return it due to the sizing issue.	Dresses
Everyone else who reviewed felt the dress fit quite odd. i have an oddly shaped body, so this dress was perfect on me! the bigger bodice fit on my large broad rounded upper body, skimmed my true waist and flared out to complimentary skirt that wasn't too twee. the silhouette evens out my odd figure. the fabric is a gorgeous pink/orange/teal pattern on comfortable cotton. i do have to agree with the lowness of the neckline, it's a bit immodest. i wear my cropped denim jacket and a simple la	Dresses
I took a risk on this dress despite the multiple reviews about the pouffy skirt and revealing neckline, because i loved the look of the blue motif print. alas, the adorable print, the handy bra-strap holders, and super-soft fabric were the only things that worked for me. i'm 5'3" and 120 lb, small up top, not especially curvy but not straight either, and i ordered my usual 2p. yup, the pleated skirt was much too full (i felt as though i was wearing a cheerleader's skirt) and the neckline was way	Dresses
Everything about this jumper is lovely- the color, the fit, the fabric. corduroy anything rules. but the first day i wore it the zipper was a problem. it was missing a tooth. my husband helped me work around that to zip it up for a sunday drive. i unzipped to nurse our baby and then we couldn't get it back up and it just separated leaving me half dressed in the restaurant. was going to have it repaired but will send back now that i see they have more. i don't know about y'all but i always feel a	Dresses
This was very tight in the bust in my typical size. it fit more or less everywhere else, but the material has no give. so unless you are the precise measurements of the dress, this will be a hard dress to wear.the color is really lovely though!	Dresses
I am 5'3", 130b, small waist, wide hips. dress fits perfectly, a little longer than i had expected (hits about mid-calf on me). great quality corduroy, nice medium green color. very unique, sort of vintage feel piece.	Dresses
I loved this dress when i saw it online, perfect for a summer wedding, but when i tried it on i was very disappointed. the fabric and styling are gorgeous and very high quality but the sheer amount of fabric on this dress is just not as pictured. there is layer after layer of silk and ruffle and while lovely, it made me look very large. i tried tying the belt many ways to no avail. sadly, it will have to go back. it may look good on a very thin frame but didn't complement my average one.	Dresses
I love the texture and sheen of corduroy combined with this beautiful evergreen color. i purchased size 10 and the somewhat stretchy fit accommodates my bust size (36dd) with a blouse or slim fitting sweater quite well. i think the skirt flares out too much and ends a little too low for my height, so i'm waiting for the petite to arrive to see if it's more flattering. i picked tts but may be a bit large for those who are less busty, so you may want to size down if you're slender or pear shaped.	Dresses
I loved this dress. i'm 5'6" and wore the small and even in heels it was a bit long. i have a larger chest (double d) and the chest was slightly snug but otherwise fit perfectly. i got compliments from everyone, gorgeous dress.	Dresses
This dress is incredible! let me say that when it first arrived, i was terrified that i looked like a got tangled in my grandma's curtain. the print was really overwhelming for my living room. however, i went with my gut and wore this dress for our engagement photos out in the woods. not only was in incredibly flattering, it photographed better than i could have imagined. wouldn't recommend wearing this grocery shopping but this is a perfect for a special occasion!	Dresses
I adore this top. lovely color, fit is very flattering. can dress up for work with a skirt, or down with jeans.	Knits
I purchased this in both colors the neutral and grey. i love them both but the grey is by far my fave. this is a nice soft beautiful tee. the burst of flowers are just adorable. i found these ran tts on me. cute little top and such a good deal at sale price.	Knits
Vibrant, lovely and quite long! this maxi works for leggy bettys - i stand 5'11" in my stocking feet, and the dress hem grazed the floor. not quite as voluminous as the photo suggests, but stunning nonetheless. runs a bit small. i normally wear xs to s, and i tried a xs in-store, but it fit just ever-so-slightly too snug. i didn't try a size s, but i suspect it may have fit ever-so-slightly too large.	Dresses
In love with this dress! so feminine and lovely. makes you feel beautiful. the fabric, flow, and construction of this dress is stunning and flattering. i am 5ft2in and 114 lbs...bought the xs and it fit perfectly in the waist but is a bit snug in my not so large bust area. however, the s was too large and did nothing to accentuate my waist and changed the whole look of the dress on me. cannot wait to wear this dress, but it is so long &needs to be altered. itll be worth it!	Dresses
Cute summer/vacation dress. lightweight material but not flimsy. i'm normally a xs/s and i ordered the s petite which was right b/c i think the xs would have been too clingy looking. the regular length would also have been too long.	Dresses
Cute top; somewhat sheer but color and fit are great. fits slim but true to size.	Knits
I got fooled by this dress's description. it's 100% polyester and not wool as it claims to be! looks cheap.returned it!	Dresses
Gorgeous soft colors that can be worn with many things. lightweight fabric with beautiful detailed finish to the neckline. i purchased at my local retailer store along with the baroque tee (that i purchased in a smaller size because of the differences in the design of the two shirts). highly recommend both!	Knits
This top is perfectly feminine. the fabric is light and the bow adds that perfect touch of distinction.	Knits
This seems like a simple tank, but the shape of it is super flattering. it kind of soles in at the seam, and the shoulders are just adorable and sexy at the same time. i love the detail in the straps, coloring is neutral enough, adn the fabric is very soft... i am glad i finally tried it on, jsut didn't want t pay full price, but broke down as sizes are selling out (smaller sizes, i am usually xs petite and that is gone, so is xxs, so went with xs). i am 115 lbs and 30dd for reference...	Knits
Flattering cut, the tie neck is very nice, but definitely needed the petite for me, regualr size went too low. the striping is a nice flowey thin fabric in grey and navy, with a bit of texture in ti, not sure it is obvious from the picture. length in eptite went right below my knee, but in a goood spot. overall, loved it, but returned in hopes it hits sales one day (jsut spending too much latetly)...	Dresses
The dress is gorgeous, material is soft, great design! but runs at least one size small and very long. i'm 5'3 and even with 4 in heels it's way to long. alteration needed	Dresses
Far more attractive in person than online. earlier reviews are all accurate. very flattering and quality manufacturing. the scarf bow makes it so distinctive.	Knits
Beautiful tee and cut with a classic, simple silhouette. nice weight and true to size. i'm 5'7", 132# and the small fits me like i like. not tight at all, with room to allow for shrinkage. i really appreciate the higher cut of the neck as most tees i have purchased last several years i love for the overall fit and material but am a little self-conscious in due to the low cut neck. maybe if i weren't as small chested this wouldn't be an issue for me. i definitely recommend this tee.	Knits
I cannot believe this t-shirt is on sale! the colors and the design are beautiful and soft. the shirt is an average t-shirt weight, and the fit is nice and loose on the body like it is on the models. i am 5'3" with a petite/athletic build and the xs fits comfortably (with some room...washing may make it even more perfect). i cannot wait to wear this with jeans on the weekends or with a grey skirt to work.	Knits
The dress is beautiful! it is very long, romantic, and feminine. i am 5'10" and it touches the ground. i tried on an xl, (normally i am a l and today i wore a size m retailer dress to work) and i could not even begin to zip the xl dress. the arms were fine. i think i would need 2-3 sizes higher. i am so sad because it is so beautiful.	Dresses
What a fabulous find! i purchased the grey and it looks great with different shades of blue jeans. i am 5'9" 136lbs and wear a size 6..... 34 c and the medium fits wonderful. was worried it would run short, as i am long waisted, but fits just a bit shorted then pictured. i love tucking the front in and letting the back hang out.	Knits
I tried the gray pattern on in the store and it is very soft and pretty. the fabric has a nice drape to it. however the length was too long on me, so i came online to find it in petite, but most of the petite sizes are sold out in the gray. i shop at retailer because i like it that so many of their styles are available in petite, however the petite length sizes seem to sell out much faster than the regular sizes. i hope retailer will give us short girls a break and order more petite length sizes so	Knits
I'm 5'2-5'3 which is supposed to be the max height for pieties in retailer (former employee) and while the bodice hit right, the skirt was insanely long. not even with heels is this gonna be right. and no discount towards hemming? i'll wait until this hits the sale rack, which it will because concensus is, it's way too long.	Dresses
Was actually looking for something completely different and then walked into this dress. i have already a few events lining up for the summer months, and i could see this working on those hot summer days. i'm short and curvy so i tried on the large in store (i'm busty) and ended up ordering the petite l online. the top part fits proportion wise better with petite while a l gives my larger bust size enough room. i love the 3/4 length, i feel a great length when you're only 5'1, will look great wi	Dresses
I love this tee so much i bought in every color available. i have received so many compliments on each one! so soft and comfortable and easy care.	Knits
It's the inverted invert ... not so obvious at first but then it shrunk and was harder to ingnore.	Knits
Love the dress. it's beautiful and flowy and makes you feel like a princess when you wear it. also very versatile, as it can be worn in multiple seasons and dressed up or dressed down. love everything about the dress and know that it will become a staple in my closet. runs true to size- xs = 0/2 and s = 2/4. if you are short, be prepared to have the hem taken up. worth the buy!	Dresses
I ordered this dress for my engagement photos and i am so excited to wear it! it's a gorgeous dress, a bit fancy. it drapes so nicely on the body. as previous reviews have stated, it's a little snug in the chest and shoulders so you might want to size up. i typically wear a size 4 in dresses and fairly small chested, and i decided to stick with the small in this dress. i probably would have been a little more comfortable in a medium as it's a little tight in the shoulder area still. overall thou	Dresses
I love this top! i purchased the gray simply because i felt it would go with more. i can pair it with blue jeans, my pink pilcro chinos, and even my turquoise pilcro shorts. i love that this tee doesn't have the rolled sleeves, so it's a little more finished looking. i tried on both the small and medium and both fit, but i preferred the tapered fit of the small and ultimately went with that. for reference, i'm 5'8", 140 lbs, 32d chest. i do think $58 is hefty for a t-shirt, so you could roll the	Knits
Love this dress so so much! the wearability of it isn't much since it's such a "wow!" dress, but if you have a wedding that it would be fitting for, itso perfect. if it were a touch shorter i'd be happy wearing it to the park. i'd suggest hemming if you want to make it more casual buy why go there when it's so stunning long. the sales associates in store kept telling me i looked like a princess ( although that may have been my doing as i kept twirling for them saying " look how cool this is!") .	Dresses
I would absolutely recommend this dress if you have the right body type.	Dresses
Super soft, cap sleeves, shirt tail hem and double stitched seams. mine is the grey/green motif and tts. i bought (s) 34-b and the fit was perfect. the tee can transition into fall as i feel it has a more fall appeal over summer because of the grey/green motif. the blue/pink motif feels more like summer.	Knits
This is a very lovely t-shirt, because of the color and design. it has a very nice shape as well as the sides are not just straight across. it's perfect for leaving it untucked. the petite fits really well, no too long or too short! my only complaint is the the material, while really soft is also quite thin so i'm not sure how durable it is.	Knits
I liked the idea of the scarf tie, so i tried on this top in the store. it was so cute on, that i ignored that it was a bit overpriced for the quality. the material is more of a t-shirt with elastic at the bottom, so it poofs a bit rather than laying flat. i'm not sure how durable the fabric is. it's still really flattering and the scarf color adds a bit of a pop to the navy color. i think ti would look great with jeans but, with the right pants, i could dress it up a bit and wear it to work. it	Knits
I ordered two sizes up, after reading reviews and added a belt for waist definition. it is long...i am six feet tall and it is perfect for me. this is absolutely beautiful; my husband loves the floral print, and i received countless compliments after one wear. the light, flowing material swayed and billowed in the breeze of the outdoor wedding i attended. very feminine and enjoyable to wear. pricey, but i felt i could wear spring through autumn. love! <3	Dresses
I have discovered that i'm really picky about t-shirts. it's hard to find a cute, flattering one that you can wear with whatever. this one is perfect. the neckline is different, the sleeves are short -- almost cap sleeves. it fits nicely everywhere. i am an 8/10 and the medium fit well. i love that it's a dark enough color and not sheer (why are so many of your clothes see through, retailer?!!!) , so i don't have to layer something under it just to wear it. it's thin enough that you can wear it in	Knits
I love this dress. it is so flattering and comfortable! i am petite with curves, and feel so good when wearing this. i ordered a petite small. i will have to stop myself from wearing it every day this summer.	Dresses
Don't pass this one up ladies....the fabric is casual and relaxed, but the drawstring-like collar gives it class and flirt all at the same time. i paired it with a jersey mini skirt and the way the banding at the waist falls on this top made it look like one whole dress. i can wear this with cropped jeans, shorts, anything! truly a homerun. i'm 5'10", 138lbs and small fit perfectly.	Knits
This dress makes me feel like the princess of fall. it is very slimming. the colors are much brighter in real life. they look pastel here but are more pronounced. love this dress!	Dresses
I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly. i am anywhere from a size 6-8. 5'9, 155lbs.sadly, i am returning this dress because the horizontal stripes make my hips look huge.	Dresses
Love this dress! very flattering. material is thinner and more lightweight than i was imaging but it is great. it really does run small, like the other reviewers said -- glad i ordered one size up, fits perfectly!	Dresses
Nice t-shirt. the print is very nice and the fabric is soft and flowing. i love the baseball cut, it gives it a different look.	Knits
This is cuter in person than online. the scarf goes all the way around the neck and ties on the side as the halter. the whole top is soft like a t-shirt material. there is an elastic band at the bottom, but it's not too cinched so it won't cut into your waist- it just gives it a little bit of shape. it's a cute way to show off some shoulder this summer in a lightweight fabric. i'm looking forward to wearing it out at night with nice jeans or during the day outside. a good price for retailer	Knits
Thought this would be great for a laid-back wedding in new mexico, but didn't fit. i am a 12-14 and the 14 barely fit my chest and arms. not flattering. material did not seem very breakthable. had to return. better luck next time.	Dresses
I absolutely fell in love with the stress when i sought in the store. the fabric and drape of the fabric is amazing! however, it runs extremely small. i normally wear a medium and can sometimes even wear a small and dresses. i tried on the medium and the large and i could not even get them zipped all the way. i'm so disappointed, as this is a gorgeous dress. definitely size up at least one, maybe two sizes.	Dresses
I love this shirt so much that i bought it in both colors. i purchased the xs regular which fit perfectly. the material is incredibly soft yet thick enough that i know it has some durability. the neckline is very flattering and comes up higher than most tees but not so high that it feels constricting. i also love that it is slightly tapered and comes in towards your waist at the sides and is slightly longer in the back. it's an absolute staple in my wardrobe now.	Knits
The skirt part of the dress falls straight and accentuated my stomach. you can't really tell from the pic. but if you have even the slightest bump of a stomach the dress might make it look worse instead of better because of the way that it is cut. i'm pretty slim - 5'5'' and 114 pounds and it wasn't doing me any favors! the top of the dress is beautiful! i will exchange it for something else. i ordered it online and couldn't try it on before purchasing it.	Dresses
This dress is adorable. it's very comfortable and so flattering. the only thing is i can't understand why it is priced so high. it's a great dress, but i'm just not convinced it's the worth the price tag. i'm going to watch for it to go on sale. fingers crossed!	Dresses
I love the fit of this tee for everyday wear. it's forgiving on my late 30s mom body and looks much more stylish than the average tee. my only complaint is that the fabric started pilling on the second wear. otherwise the fit, style, and fabric weight are great. it fits tts. i'm usually a size 4 and the small fits perfectly.	Knits
This dress is gorgeous. i bought it to wear to the ballet, and i know i will wear it to other formal events as well. it is really fancy---definitely wouldn't wear it to work! i had it hemmed as it was really long on me, and it is a bit tight in the shoulders. it has a beautiful shape and flows while you are walking---it felt pretty!	Dresses
A truly gorgeous dress. ran a little too small in the shoulders for me so i had to reorder the next size up. its is very long, but i won't hesitate to have it altered. it is stunning!	Dresses
This wears nicely, and is true to photo. flattering in the waist, and on a petite, everything fell in the right places. i also like the lightweight creppy skirt fabric. just one design note - the tie is sort of strange. essentially, there's a long tube of fabric coming out of each side of the bust - and it looks very odd when the ties are undone.	Dresses
Love this dress, beautiful!	Dresses
I read all the previous reviews and wasn't sure what to think. when i saw it on sale at my local retailer store, i decided that, despite the thin fabric, it was worth getting. i love the quote spoken by audrey hepburn in the movie "sabrina" and knew i just needed to add a cami underneath. i bought it two days ago and wore it yesterday with a short sleeved open sweater, so the quote showed. i got two compliments on it within a short time! for reference, i am 5'9" and 150 lbs. i bought a large and i	Knits
I love this dress, saw it online and went to try it on in the store the next day. this dress is perfect! the pattern stands out but isn't too overwhelming. i'm 5'4" 120lbs and 32ddd i bought an xs and i love the fit. it's just the right amount of fabric to be flowy without being excessive. one thing i've found with flowy dresses is they make you look preggers if you have a large bust however this dress is nothing of the sort. seriously if you find your size in stock snatch it up!	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress as soon as i saw it. it does fit more loosely than i typically prefer, but the colors and the patterns have such personality that it didn't matter. i wear mine both as a dress and with leggings for the windy days. this is one of my new favorites!	Dresses
This dress is so pretty and the petite fits great in the arms and the length is good- just above the knees. the material is nice- not flimsy. i'm just not sure if it looks right on my petite, straight frame. the front is cute but the back is pretty baggy and shapeless. i've never worn a shirt dress so i'm not sure if this is how it's supposed to look? i tried it with a belt but it doesn't seem to work with this dress as there's a band of loose elastic. probably would look better on a curvier bod	Dresses
I saw this online and loved it instantly. i happened to come by it in the store and tried it on. it was almost perfect. but sadly, being busty makes the dress hang not quite as well as it could. i think this might be a better dress for the less busty/less curvy. but it is super cute and fun!	Dresses
I was so skeptical about ordering this; it's really not my style. i'm more of a black halter dress kind of person. this is so cute, and flattering. it's well made, not flimsy, but is soft and pretty. i'm 5'6" and weigh 130. i bought the small and it fits perfectly; the dress hits me right above the knee in front. i can see myself wearing this with cute sandals and a floppy hat at a beach bar, or wearing it wiht6 leggings ans shooties when it's cooler and dress it up with jewelry. side note; i'm	Dresses
Absolutely love the design, fabric, and fit of this dress! a perfect dress for many occasions, one of the many reasons i love this company! excellent customer service, employees, and of course adorable clothing. 10/10 would recommend buying this dress! and to all the taller girls, i am 5'11" and 170lbs and this dress is still a good length! no need to continuously pull down and worry about who might see your rear.	Dresses
This is an adorable dress that just didn't work for me! so sad! i wanted to love it because the pattern is super cute. i gave it 4 stars because it is very pretty and i can see it working on others!	Dresses
On shopping trips i try to try on at least one thing that i like but don't think will look that great on me. this dress was that item today. not only did i like it, but i liked the way it looked on me. i'm 5'3", 140 pounds and purchased the medium. i loved it, the clerks loved it, and my very honest daughter also loved it. i will wear it as a dress and also as a tunic over skinny jeans.	Dresses
Cute print got lots of compliments when i wore it. lightweight. looks great with boots	Dresses
Fabulous dress for both quality and design. the embroidery is gorgeous and the long sleeves make it practical to begin wearing immediately. true to size and flattering. looks darling with booties.	Dresses
I found this dress on sale in store and i usually stay away from this style/cut because i have a curvier lower half but to my surprise the dress was still flowy and fit the top nicely. i'm usually a small in tops and a 30 on bottom but it worked for me and i get a compliment every time i wear it!	Dresses
This dress was very boxy and unflattering. i really wanted to like it because the blue and white details were so pretty but it had to go back.	Dresses
I just got this today & love it. the embroidery on the front is gorgeous & rich looking. the material is soft & has a nice weight so that it drapes perfectly & is not at all see through. it will look great with sandals, flats or sandals with heels. i wear an xs & it fits tts. it falls just above the knee. i can see me wearing this a lot. i was worried about it looking too youthfull for my age, but it doesn't at all.	Dresses
I love this dress. the pattern is fun, the style is relaxed and breezy for spring/summer, and it is well-made. a steal at the sale price! also, it has pockets :) a huge plus for me. since it is a loose-fitting style, i would say it run just a tad big. i bought the s petite and i am 5'4" 115lbs. i could've gone xs petite ...but the s fits well and looks great. the pattern is stunning. a great addition to my summer wardrobe. i thought about pairing it with a fitted white pant, but it hits me right	Dresses
Love this dress! perfect length and i love the construction and where the seams hit (not too long, not too short). i got so many compliments with this dress!	Dresses
This dress did not work for me. it was shapeless and boxy. i tried to belt it but the white front looked odd. if you are tall and thin maybe but not for the short girls.	Dresses
This is a pretty tunic but it just didn't look right on me. the colors are nice and you can easily hide body flaws.	Dresses
A fun dress to just throw on go, nice details in the bodice, mix of blues in the prints, little longer in back is nice detail for those of us who want a shorter dress but not the worry of flashing from behind	Dresses
Cute design, the fabric drapes well, conceals many possible figure flaws, and has an upbeat, easy vibe. i got a small and am 125 lbs and 5'4". i also washed it on a short cycle on cold and put it in the dryer for 5 minutes, which worked out just fine. great dress!	Dresses
The style and fit are excellent, doesn't make you look frumpy or larger. just can't get into the pattern combo--the white is too stark and i feel like it was slapped on my chest like a dickey. i have the paquerette and that's a mixed bag of patterns that works really well. i'm not sure if i am keeping. i may have to bleed it out to soften the white. purchased size medium for my 36dd chest and wide rib cage.	Dresses
The print, length and cut are all flattering. i bought the other tiny dress that was similar and will buy every pattern they make.	Dresses
Love everything about this: the length, cut, look, etc. i wear medium/large... went with medium and it was perfect.	Dresses
Purchased this dress at the sale price, with an additional 20% off sale, not exactly sure what to expect-- the print is so different than my usual style preference. so glad i did! while the dress is way oversized (for reference, i'm 5'4, 132 lbs) ordered size sm but prob should have gone with xs) it's stylish, yet effortless. today is the first day of wear (at my office) and already received many complements.	Dresses
I definitely trend towards preferring my clothes looser as a style but the fit on this dress felt a bit too boxy, i typically run between and x-small and small, should have gone with the x-small. i loved the print and quality of the dress though and would recommend it!	Dresses
Love love this dress! i got the regular size, but the length is more on the petite side. it's shorter than what i'm comfortable with, so will probably return it.	Dresses
This dress is really pretty and fun. i can see where i can dress it up or tone it down. subtle pretty beading at the neck. just ran a bit big on me, i sent back for the next size down -can't wait to get it!	Dresses
This shirt is incredibly comfortable. the material is so soft, and it fits so well. i am 5'6" and 130 lbs with a 32b chest and i purchased a small - it is large on me, and i would have preferred an xs, but the small is just fine as well! it is a great shirt, especially for an oversized henley. 100% recommend. (one star off for the larger sizing.)	Knits
I liked the product shots of this cardigan, but when i opened it up out of the package i was kind of ...unimpressed... the green wasn't quite the color i was expecting, the fabric was rougher, the lace was scratchy, the fit was boxy, and the sleeves are very dolman... none of which translated through the pictures online... i still think it's cute, but it has a much more casual look to it than i was expecting. i might reconsider if it hits sale, but for now it goes back...	Knits
I almost walked past this until i saw it on the display mannequin. the shimmer is very subtle, but there, the picture here makes hte shirt look more like a grey shirt, but it is more "sophisticated" in person. very soft fabric, fitted on the "wasit", but romier on top, cowl is super flattering. usual sizze fit very nicely. highly recommend, i won't hev to tuck it in everytime i wear it :-# i think it can be dressed up #skirt# or down #jeans#, almost a basic t!	Knits
I bought this in size xl and the overall fit matched the model's photos. the neckline was a bit higher than pictured. the material was pretty in person. the problem was the material's threads were too scratchy. i was uncomfortable with that scratchiness against my neck so i returned it. i did like the unique leaf pattern of the lace.	Knits
Very pretty cardigan but it is huge! i ordered a large (normally xl or large) and it is so big! the shoulder seam comes to middle of my upper arm. i wanted to exchange it for a medium but they are out of stock. bummer.	Knits
Very much liked this shirt for super casual days. its got a very flowy and boxy fit to it with side slits. it runs a bit big compared to what it looks like on the model.	Knits
I agree that this shirt is boxy and has no shape; it doesn't look at all like it does on the model. i returned it.	Knits
I'm 5'3 135lbs with hour-glassy figure and the medium was a too tight from the waste down (but perfect on the top - i'm a 36c). pretty dress overall and looks true to color in photo, but have to return.	Dresses
This top is sooo cute. it does not look like pajamas as one person said, it looks like a top. it's a bit on the boxy style, so anything you want to hide below is well covered. has a nice length to it. is not just for lounging. paired it with a black pencil skirt and it looked great. i ordered the xl (i am a 40d for reference) and it hung very nicely. its extremely soft and very comfy. i only wish they had more colors.	Knits
In accordance with other reviewers, the pictures don't do this gorgeous lightweight sweater justice; the fabric has threads of gold, silver, and black that together make for shimmery elegance--not at all the heather grey in the photo.. i'm 5' 8" 120 34b and the xs (regular) fits perfect--and actually more slimming/fit than in the photo. sleeves are long--which i love. a keeper, especially on sale!	Knits
I didn't think from the photo online that the sweater would be quite so sparkly & gold! it has gold weaved in - so if the sparkly isn't your thing, beware. the sweater fit well although i didn't feel the neckline was quite as clean as in the photo above. also, you'd have to be careful not to snag on jewelry. it's a thin sweater material that may require a camisole underneath depending on the weather.	Knits
I tried this on in store yesterday and didn't buy it due to the dolman style sleeves and the scratchy lace. dolman sleeves look terrible on me, so this was a no go. beware the scratchy lace...i had this on for about 2 minutes and was itching. otherwise, this will wok for plenty of people - the color can be a nice neutral. it does run large - i usually wear a large and sized down to a medium. it didn't work for me, but i'm sure some will find it a nice part of their wardrobe.	Knits
I couldn't tell on line this top has gold metallic thread running throughout. i find metallic thread to be itchy. when i first put it on i thought it might be o.k. i can tolerate a fair amount of itch in fabric. after about 5 minutes i suddently couldn't wait to get it off. seemed like the longer it was next to my skin the more irritating it became. it is also a bit thinner fabric than i expected. i was hoping to use it as a layering piece. it would work well for layering if it was comfortable.	Knits
I actually like my shirt more than the other reviewers it seems. i am little (5'1" and 103) and i don't think it's too boxy at all. i like the way it hangs. and i'll say i like it much more in person than on the model. it's somehow cozier than it looks in the picture. it's a real boosh (that mean's comfy.) i wouldn't have picked it from the online pic, but in person, it really caught my eye.	Knits
I was excited to see this top on sale as i had been watching it for a few weeks. unfortunately, i was very disappointed when i received it. it is, as a previous person said, very much like a pajama top. it is very loose and boxy, and in my opinion, did not flatter my shape at all. sadly, i will be returning it. i would not recommend this top to a person who is athletic, or straight and slender, as you suggest.	Knits
This top is has an awkward neckline, doesn't lay like the photo (as mentioned by another reviewer.) see threw, and of poor quality. the fit is very baggy and unflattering. and material is very thin. it also runs very large!! the color is pretty, but that is it :(	Knits
When i walked into my local retailer, two of the saleswomen were wearing this stunning top in totally different ways, and i knew it would be the perfect gift for my mom. unfortunately the small was sold out, but they were able to order it online and have it sent. gorgeous medium-to-lightweight fabric that looks great out or tucked in.	Knits
I purchased this in the store. i thought it was cute and unique. i like most things with a raw edge. i am 5'3", 115 lbs and purchased an xs. i have worn it a couple of times and have received several compliments. my only complaint is that when i saw the pic online, i was annoyed. the top is much wider than the photo depicts. lying flat it measures 24" side to side at the hem and 24-25" from shoulder to hem. why take photos that misrepresent the item? there will only be more returns. so if you li	Knits
This top is super soft cotton, with raw edges on the sleeves and hem. i bought the green top, which is a medium, faded olive color. despite the picture, this top is shortish in the front and on the sides, which are slit. the top is also very, very boxy. it's wide across, and doesn't "fit" the body at all. the sleeves are a slimmer fit, which contrasts nicely with the wide body. the picture is very deceptive. that said, this top is perfect for early fall/ late summer. super comfy. floaty. i wear	Knits
I am normally a small or xs with retailer clothing. i saw the previous review that this dress runs small, but the medium was sold out. i am heartbroken i have to return and can't get my size since they are all gone! was aiming to wear this to a high school reunion.	Dresses
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it online and got it as soon as it went on sale 25% off. the colors are vibrant and the fit is perfect whether you have areas that you want to hide or not. it is true to size and i can see how you would want to size it down since it's baby doll shape, but it didn't work for me around the arm holes (and mine are not that big). i am 5'3" and 120 lb and size 2 worked perfect.	Dresses
Hi, when i received this top i tried it on, looked in the mirror and packed it up for a return. the quality is excellent but it just too boxy. fits nothing like it appears on the model.	Knits
Pretty color.love the lace.my husband thought it looked a little "old lady-ish", but i think it depends on what you wear it with....it's been too hot here to wear yet. i believe it will look great with a cami and leggings!	Knits
Cute stripes and soft, but very pajama top like in feel/look... like if you wear it out, people will assume you've got the matching bottoms stuck under your pillow at home.	Knits
I really wanted to love this but the cut was very wide, short, and crooked. after it was washed once, it was completely unwearable because it hung all wrong.	Knits
I wanted to love this shirt, but was very disappointed. i had read other reviews and still ordered, but wish i would have listened. the shirt looks nothing like photos online and is extremely boxy and unflattering. had to send it back.	Knits
The color is perfect for fall. dressy enough for work, and looks great with a pair of jeans.	Knits
When i saw this online i immediately put it on my "must buy" list. i hate paying the exorbitant shipping fees retailer charges so i was waiting until i could get to my local store, in the meantime it looks like it has sold out online but i am sure it will be back in stock soon. luckily, my b&m store had it and i am so glad i didn't waste my money or time ordering it online. this could have been great but once again antho missed the mark. what the product shot online doesn't show is that it has dol	Knits
I purchased the green online, in my usual medium. i do like it but i will be returning it for a few reasons. first, i couldn't justify the price as it's really not unique enough. it kind of reminds me of a pajama top. also, i thought it was 3/4 sleeve, which it is not, it's long sleeve. and lastly, it appears to be regular length on the model. i'm maybe 5'4 at best and it's shorter and boxy. i gave it 4 stars because i really like it for what it is, but just not what i expected. it is cute, spor	Knits
I love every other byron lars dress i've bought and this was a no brainer for me. when it arrived i was really disappointed. the fabric is very stretchy which makes it super forgiving and very thick. with all the buttons planted on this dress i was expecting it to open easily from the front as one of my other dresses by his does. nope. only the back buttons open. thick stretchy fabric and back buttons...not an easy thing to navigate. i was also very sad to see that the length was all wrong for m	Dresses
I'm between a s & m. on most swing tops usually s which i thought i'd be in this one but not the case. a m fit but i thought i could probably even wear a l which i never wear. but it is gorgeous. this is one of those shirts that keep me coming back to retailer. this is a perfect fall top! great tan color the beading is so so pretty and will really look great under sweaters. this top looked so great with my louis vuitton bag it was just too good to pass up so go to your local store, find th	Knits
I love baseball style tees and when i saw the homebase tee (in two colors no less), i was very thrilled especially since it was during the 20% mother's day promotion on all items. based on the model's photos, the top looks flattering with a swing type style. i usually wear a medium and bought a small size in this top. when the package was delivered, i excitedly opened it and found two tees looking like maternity tops which would be lovely if i was pregnant. the tops are so wide not like the webs	Knits
I have never taken the time to write a review but i was so disappointed by this dress. the design is cute and i got the medium instead of a small (i'm normally a 4/6) and i wanted to make sure it was a bit looser and below the knee. that was a good call because the fit is comfy and cute belted. however, it is so very thin and see through. i was looking forward to a cool, cotton dress for summer but this will definitely require a full slip if i decide to keep it. it came with no slip at all so th	Dresses
I love the design of this top, however, it's quality is lackluster. the shirt is pretty short and would be more flattering (at least on me) if it had a few more inches. also it's pretty sheer, so figuring out under garments is a dilemma. i will still wear it because i love it. looks great with a denim vest over it!	Knits
I ordered this online, with a little hesitation due to the negative reviews.it arrived and it is beautiful!the beading and subtle cut outs are gorgeous.the colors of the beadwork in contrast to the nude tone of the fabric is stunning and elegant.!the fit is very very flattering!!!!!runs very true to size.	Knits
I bought this shirt after reading so many positive reviews. it looks much thinner and cheaper than the photo depicts. like many reviewers have said, it does hit just above midriff but the fringe covers your belly. it didn&#39;t hang right on me and i felt like i was wearing a rug.	Knits
Really cute top(especially the back)! i've tried on several of these tops that overlap in the back and none of them lay as nice as this one. the soft cotton fabric really works well with this style. runs tts and i love that the arms are more fitted with some stretch to the fabric. regular length works fine on my petite frame as well. the color is a darker cream and almost has a slight nubby effect to it. first one i received had a snag/hole in the lower sleeve, so hopefully it holds up.	Knits
I have more of an athletic figure, and the sleeves tend to come in closer to the body than pictured. i didn't like that cut on my arms/torso. the shirt is really cute, otherwise! i am usually a size 4/small and this was a little short and snug.	Knits
This is a tts basic tee with the added flare of the ruffled back peplum and the elegance of the beaded front neckline. the beading is lovely and mine was intact. i bought my normal small based on reviews and the fit was perfect. (34-b) the beige color is a classic neutral and can be worn year round by just adding a jacket or sweater. love it!	Knits
Bought in the store, will look great with black or dark blue jeans and a fun long necklace. does not fit like it looks on the model, it is more fitted. i plan on wearing a spaghetti strapped cami underneath because the back has a draping effect and is open. the front is on the shorter side but the bottom of the shirt (not including tassels) reaches the top of my jeans, and the tassels hang below. it is a very versatile top, one that can be dressed up or down. sleeves above wrist.	Knits
I love baseball tees and this looked like a more refined version, but it was huge and shapeless. nice material and fabric but this one is going back.	Knits
Hi, i would have to agree with all of the reviewers.i unfortunately had to find out for myself. mistake. it's huge. i love the quality and design but even if you sized down two sizes it wouldn't help.	Knits
I ordered this top online and was hoping to love it, however it didn't fit me properly...the arm holes were much too large (i'm typically an xs or small) i ordered the small and based on this fit i don't think the extra small would've fit either :( also i thought the material seemed very delicate and somewhat thin....and with 3 kids always hanging on me i don't think this top would last very long...	Knits
I loved this sweater when i bought it. wore it a couple times then washed it according to the tag. it shrunk at least two sizes! and the tassels got all tangled (which i guess i should have seen coming). pretty bummed about it because this sweater looked beautiful on.	Knits
I love the look of this sweater, but just bought and put on at home and noticed 2 pea sized holes in fabric, near arm holes, but not on seams. not sure if i bought this way and did not notice or if fabric is just incredibly delicate. will try to repair but scated this will not hold up... look it over carefully before you buy, they kind of look like moth holes...	Knits
This is adorable! the sweater is light-weight and soft. please know that the sweater line falls right at my mid-riff, followed by the fringe, so for me, it's almost cropped. the fringe covers my mid-riff. the back is open and so this sweater will not be super warm in the winter, but it is stylish and cute. i love it! it's different and unique. i purchased xxs in petite. fits a little more cropped than the photo shows.	Knits
This has a very nice hang to it- combination of the cut and linen- like fabric. i liked it so much that i bought two different colors. so many tees are blousy and full now;i am short so they look like maternity tops. this one is much more flattering.	Knits
Fantastic top! fits, flatters and falls beautifully! i loved the white so much i went back for the black! i wear with jeans, leggings and with pant suits. lovely with all!	Knits
I bought this in size xl. it is so much bigger than i expected. there are panels of material. it really is huge. not flattering at all. still, i kept it. the material is so soft & flowy. i've gotten good use wearing it around the house, doing chores, resting, etc. i wouldn't wear it out doing errands. but, around home, it's perfect for feeling cozy. such a strange cut. i don't know who would look good in it since it can look sloppy. i think many would enjoy wearing it at home.	Knits
I bought the white and olive today. i usually get a size s, but opted for the xs for this shirt. i am longer torsoed than perhaps average, so it came to just below mid-butt, which i like. my shoulders are on the broader side and a bit muscular, but even still the xs was perfect and cute, rather than just comfy. def an undershirt is needed for these, but i run cold, so i nearly always have an undershirt. the fabric is just nice enough that i could wear the shirt with a fun, nice skirt with a high	Knits
Love this top. i have it in several colors and i'm waiting for the black to be restocked. it's somewhat sheer. perfect w my kimonos	Knits
I bought this tee for a light summer top as i love linen. this top does not disappoint. i bought my usual size xs and the length is good-slightly longer in back. i purchased the black and the grey. the grey will be great with jeans in any color and the black i can wear either dressed up or down. the quality seems good. great purchase!	Knits
I adore this top! i ordered in the white and wear it with everything! i am a 34c and size 6 and purchased the xs. it was slightly snug in the arms but it does stretch. i just bought the black as well, as it truly it a great staple piece. forewarning: do not dry this! my husband accidentally did and i was forced to buy another one, since it shrunk so much. the fabric is lightweight and great for summer, but keep in mind that it is thin and may require something underneath (tank top, etc.)	Knits
I bought this t-shirt in three colors and i'm keeping them because they work for what i want (travel clothes) but the t-shirts run big and are too boxy. i think they look nice if you tuck them in.	Knits
I loved this shirt when i purchased it but it shrank badly and the front seam (on mine) was crooked. no longer have my receipt so not sure i can return it~ sigh. i do love the pilcro chinos i bought to go with it however!	Knits
I echo what the other reviews say - this is a tshirt but it's very flattering. i bought the black and dressed it with a bright turquoise necklace and received a ton of compliments. extremely comfortable. i've been just looking for this shirt when i get home from work or having to do errands because it is that comfortable.i'm buying more it's so comfortable and flattering.	Knits
This dress is so beautifully embroidered with really cool mix of colors. it is pricey but i do think it will stand the test of time and become an retailer vintage piece. planning to wear it now with wedges and in the fall with booties and a light sweater.	Dresses
I got the cream color and absolutely love the style and color of this sweater. however, when i tried it on at the store, the one i tried on was super soft and comfy. i ended up finding this later on sale and ordered it online. when i got it, i don't know if it was once worn or washed by someone before, but the inside was not soft at all! i was so sad! anyone else have this experience? size is great. i ordered an xs.	Knits
I saw this in stores and ran right up to it because of the gorgeous embroidery work and vivid colors - unfortunately those bright colors are totally washed out in the online model pics...barely recognizable! the fabric itself is super soft and not at all stiff, plus it has pockets! i can see this looking great with leggings and boots, but the sleeves flared a little too much which i think would add bulk under a cardigan, so it might not carry as far into cooler months as i would like. my usual s	Dresses
I saw this dress online and loved the colors and whimsical embroidery . i thought it would be the perfect dress to wear on the weekend with cute sandals. i was excited when the dress arrived in the mail as the colors were vibrant and the material was soft and cozy. unfortunately this dress is huge. it is a rectangle with pockets. i bought the xxsp, my usual size and this dress was so big my sister was able to fit in it with me.this dress was beyond alterations. too bad it was a great idea but no	Dresses
This top is a good concept but the structure of it is not for all body types. i am 5.6 and 135 and wear an xs to a s in retailer tops and i ordered this is a small and it was huge in the chest and tight at my hips...will be returning.	Knits
This dress is 100% rayon, not silk like the description says. that doesn't bother me that much because it's a really cute dress! it's also hand washable, which i like! i hate going to the dry cleaners! it fits true to size, and i know i will wear it for lots of occasions ? from casual to business. i almost always wear a small in retailer dresses and this one is the same. i'm 5'3" and the length hits me at the knee, so it might be too short for taller girls. the only other thing that was unexpected	Dresses
I ordered the large, but it swallowed me. the store happened to have a medium, so i was able to make an exchange. the medium fit perfect. i'm delighted to include this in my wardrobe!	Knits
Love the fabric and it seemed warmed. but as other reviewers mentioned, the neckline was awkward.	Knits
I bought this dress after i had overnighted a different one and it wasn't going to be delivered on time. i'm so happy that i bought this dress. its so comfortable and easy to wear. i got lots of compliments on it.it runs very large though. i ended up with a size 6. i initially tried on the 10, as i have a larger chest. the 6 still had plenty of room.	Dresses
This sweatshirt is a very nice staple piece! i think it can be easily dressed up and down. the quality is quite nice and should hold up over time.the sizing of this really depends on the desired fit. i elected to go with a size small because i felt that it fit a little bit closer to my figure and the length seemed to go better with skirts. but honestly, i tried the medium as well, and it was much different... just a bit more slouchy and looser in the arms if layering is desired. for reference,	Knits
I am curvy/petite. this fits great, is true to size, is super comfortable and lined with cotton. very pretty and well made.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful, i usually wear a 6 or 8 and i ordered a 4, it is huge, i will be returning.	Dresses
This has a heftier fabric than seems to be in the picture online. i wish it were the same fabric as the fringed chambray dress. that, coupled with it being cut very generously, and the hip placement of the bulky pocket fabric, causes it to look quite thick and dumpy unless you pin your elbows in to show where your waist is. i usually wear a 4-6, and bought the 2. i'm returning it for a 0 petite and see how that goes. i love it, so i'm hoping that causes the fit to appear more as it does on the	Dresses
This dress either runs large or just has too much fabric. ordered my usual size, but it is too long and too baggy to do a thing for me. embroidery pretty, but background is more of a muddy gray, then denim as shown. if the smaller size in petite was available, i'd have exchanged it, but it is going back.	Dresses
If you like looking like a giant square and hide things this is the way to go. for me, it completely irradiates my shape, including my neck. this will be returned.	Knits
I saw this t on sale and ordered it. i had second thoughts, thinking it would be just like a lot of ts i already have. well, i got it today and am thrilled. the fabric is so soft, a sumptuous softness that makes me feel good. the fit is the fit we all want in a great t, nice fit, not too baggy, not too tight, and it is so flattering. it doesn't show off my tummy as so many other ts do. i can wear this with jeans or a skirt. so glad i got it!	Knits
I tried this on in the store and it was huge. i couldn't try on a smaller size because they only had a 2 and 4. i tried on my usual size 12. i don't think the embroidery is as pretty in person either. definitely not worth the price.	Dresses
This dress is gorgeous in person, soft and wonderfully comfortable with two large pockets. it also comes with a cotton knit slip for added swing. i bought at size 6 which was two sizes smaller than my normal size 10 in retailer dresses. i have worn twice and each time 2 random strangers have complimented it. it dry cleaned beautifully and it is really fun to wear. the model is shows the neck wide open but it is very cute tied in a little bow. expensive maybe, but well worth it.	Dresses
This dress definitely runs large, so i ordered it through my local store, in order to get a size that would fit. i ordered one size down, but could have gone down 2. i love the embroidered design. i just wore the dress to a slovak festival, yesterday, and it fit right in :-) very comfortable, and fun to wear.	Dresses
This is the oddest fitting pullover. there is too much fabric around the chest. it is fitted everywhere else but then balloons out in the front. i liked it at first but really started to dislike all the bunchiness (is that a word?). i gave it away..	Knits
Lets discuss the neckline: it's fabulous!furthermore, this sweater can go anywhere,it's dress up, dress down.feeling low? this girl will lift you up and take you to town.	Knits
I just got this tunic last night and was excited to try it on. i could barely get it over my shoulders and once i did, it was immediately apparent that it was very tight under the arms and in the shoulders. i usually wear a 12 but listened to all the other reviewers and sized down to a 10. the 10 shoulder seams were significantly narrower than i would have expected. i don't think even a 12 would have been large enough in the shoulders.very bummed, but yet i wasn't drawn to the colors in pers	Dresses
I bought the cream version online, as the blue was sold out. i was rather disappointed to see that the cream is just a glorified sweatshirt. there are no dots, it it just the heathered cream of any normal sweatshirt. i do, however, like the design and the fit of the sweatshirt. i am sad that is was not clear (in the photos or in the name) that the cream version was not dotted. i am still deciding if i will keep the shirt. i love the design and fit, but the plain boring sweatshirt was not what i	Knits
Just love this sweater, have it in both colors. can be dressed up or more casual!	Knits
This dress is really beautiful in person. it comes with a spaghetti strap clingy cotton slip underneath. it runs at least 2 sizes large. i tried my usual size 6 and needed to go down to a zero.	Dresses
Just like in picture! super cute and comfortable sweater!	Knits
I liked the colors of this dress and the material was fine, but i could not tell from the pictures that the seams at the waist are atypical and frankly unflattering. they are scalloped at the hips, so it looks horrible if you have any hips at all.	Dresses
Love the pockets and back of dress. the buttons on the the straps allow for them to be adjusted. that's a plus. i'm 5'3" with an athletic build at 34d. the medium fits perfect	Dresses
This is a beautiful casual top...it is a loose fit that is generously sized so instead of my usual large i purchased the medium for a better fit...the length is perfect not too long or short! the colors coordinate great with denim!	Knits
I look at the top quite a few times before i bought it. i absolutely love it ! it's a super soft thick cotton material, it drapes perfectly and wears well.	Knits
Stunning! bought it today and i love it! it runs big. i'm usually a xs/s and went with the xs and it's perfect. flowy and comfy. i'm 5'4" 132lbs. great for summer and i think will transition great into fall with a cardigan.	Knits
I loved the concept of the dress and that is why i chose to keep it in spite of the negatives. the grey color is drab, yet leaves room for creativity. it's stylish yet wrinkles horribly. i am 5' 2" so it hangs too low in the front and armpits. another reviewer mentioned the buttons, yet there should be one more to bring it up in the chest. the pockets are a great space for hands, yet fabric is too thin and they are side slits, so will not hold much. i typically wear a 4 petite and the small fits	Dresses
I ordered this in both an extra small and a small... i found that there was a very big difference in the two sizes- the extra small was true to size and had a great width, but was shorter in length than i would've liked (if it shrunk at all, it would've been unwearable). the small was quite a jump in size and was a little wider than i liked, but i decided to keep that one. the top was very cute and comfortable when i wore it, however i just washed it once on delicate in cold water and when i	Knits
This tank seemed like it should have been a maternity top. way too much fabric, not flattering for those of us with a larger bust. i am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.	Knits
This top is adorable. normally wear small or xs but got xxs based on reviews, and glad i did. still really loose but so cute. would have preferred petite but sold out.	Knits
I knew i had to have this as soon as i saw it pop up in the tops section. it's effortless. love the quirky design and the overall fit. it's a tad on the large side, but i'm all about the flow these days. oh, and the poms at the bottom about sent me over the edge. fantastic piece.	Knits
Very comfortable great quality with beautiful crocheted front top and lovely blend of colors	Knits
Ordered med petite. love the print & design but it runs really big more like a large and length of top is not flattering . returning	Knits
Great top!! can be dressed up or down. the lace is great quality and i love the border detailing. i found this shirt to run pretty true to size.	Knits
This henley has a lot of very nice details (lace, embroidery). the material is soft and a little bit sheer (more so in the lacey sections). it is made in india and the style strikes me as a bit indian looking. the only thing i do not like is that there are two buttons along the v shape decolltage..but there are no button holes on the other side so they are purely for decoration (you can see those buttons in the enlarged detail view only). this irks me a bit, because i would like to button the sh	Knits
I love the unique design! the details are wonderful. it runs a bit large but it works. a great piece.	Knits
Love the unique stitching on the shirt and the dye job. i think it does run a little big. the arm holes are quite deep even in a medium, but the fabric is thin so a tank underneath would probably work out well.	Knits
I like this top. it is a nice casual top. i think it looks better on the model because it looks a bit dressy. when i tried it on, it looked good but not as dressy. the embroidery on the side gives the top a nice look. i also like the tie-dye look. the price is high, i got it on sale price. the fabric is a simple t-shirt, the embroidery makes it stand out. i am keeping it.	Knits
I ordered this shirt in the grey/blue color choice; the creamy grey is perfectly heathered and the blue silk-like bottom is a classy touch. the fit of this shirt in the arms, torso, and back was flattering with a little room to drape. love it!	Knits
I couldn't get this to work for me. tried a variety of sizes and just couldn't get it to flow right. didn't purchase.	Dresses
I love this peasant dress! i have worn it twice already with black lizard cowboy boots/frye jane boots, black tights and silver sparkly earrings -no need for a necklace because of the beautiful beading at the yoke.the fabric is 100% rayon and has a beautiful drape, so it doesn't poof out like a maternity dress. it is lined, has 3/4 sleeves with an elasticized cuff, and hits around my knee. this dress could have definitely supported pockets in the side seams or patch pockets on the front. i have	Dresses
I bought this today in black. it fits true to size and is very flattering. i love the draping, the weight of the fabric, and the length . i would buy it in another color i like it so much. i will probably wear this with jeans and boots with a sweater over it. i wasn't sure i was going to like the little connector piece across the front neckline, but it works. if it wasn't there the top would probably gape open.	Knits
I saw this dress online this morning, went into a store this afternoon and walked out with it! i love this brand because the designs are modest, but feminine and practical. this dress is made of a thicker study cotton with beautiful all over embroidery. the fit is tts, and you can adjust the waist to fit loose or a bit more snug. the length is just above my knee at 5'3. i plan to wear this now with black boots and a furry vest, and later by itself with sandals and big sunnies!	Dresses
I tried this dress at the store today and couldn't leave without it. also tried the pacquerette shirtdress which has a similar boho/peasant vibe and overall preferred the fit and look of this one. plus, its lined, which the paquerette shirtdress is not for the same price. fit was very similar to the anwen peasant dress, which i also have, and the regular size xs fit me much the same as in that dress. it is maybe 1 inch longer though, but still that makes it a couple of inches above the knee for	Dresses
I love this dress. i typically do not like or wear dresses often, and definitely not this style. i'm glad i tried something different. i received numerous compliments on how flattering and attractive it is. yes the belt is only in the front, but i cinched it very tight and it pulled the back in. i bought size s. it was very form fitting in the top and waist, and not too big through the hips. i have a 38" bust and i can button all the top without pulling. i wore it with black tights and high brow	Dresses
I saw this in the store and it caught my eye right away due to its bold color and pattern. i tried on an extra small and it was large, especially in the sleeves. i ordered an extra small in petite and it fits perfectly. i love the velvet and jeweled detail along with the cris cross tie. i wore it to work today and received so many compliments. one lady said how artsy i looked. i paired it with burgundy velvet tie up boots to complete the look. totally worth the money ladies!!	Dresses
I wore this dress on thanksgiving with black tights and black flats and it looked great. the dress is forgiving if you're trying to hide a chunky waistline because the belt doesn't go all the way around. it's just in the front so it gives the illusion of a waistline and doesn't look like just a sack. if you have a great waistline, you may not like this! i wish it were a bit longer but with black tights, it looked fine. (i'm 5' 5", no where near as tall as the model, and it was about 2" above my	Dresses
I tried this on (xs) and thought it would be great, butit was simply bog on me and boxy. unfortunately, they are out of petite in the grey color (my favorite of the 3). this top is soft and feminine if it fits properly, but too big was a little too boxy.	Knits
The dress is nice, love the embroidery, love the front cinch but why not all the way around? the back is fast flat so cinching makes the sides stick out..got petite and the sizing was nice. i just didn't love the overall look on my body type.	Dresses
This is a lovely top! sooo soft, very flattering draping if you have a bit of a tummy. i wasn't sure about it on the hanger but was pleasantly surprised when i tried it on- very glad i have it a chance!	Knits
This dress is a marvel. it's flattering and cute. it is great for work, a date or just a casual day. and machine washable! best thing i've ever purchased from retailer.	Dresses
I love this dress. i would have never picked it off the hanger in the store, in fact i went right past it. however, when i was in the dressing room trying something else on i saw two girls wearing it and it was adorable. i immediately tried it on and loved it. i think it runs really big. i am normally a size 8/athletic build and i bought the x-small. i small also fit but was a bit too baggy. most tops/dresses at retailer also run big so it makes sense this does too but there is no way i am a true	Dresses
Cute and different dress, cute with boots.very comfortable, runs large, could size down	Dresses
In a sea of dresses, this is the one that caught my eye in the whole store. i am a pear shape, and ended up trying both the medium and the large, taking the medium home. it was super flattering on, and was an appropriate length to pair with tights.here's where the problem happened. i wanted to wear this dress for thanksgiving, i put it on, and as i tightened the drawstring to cinch in the waist - riiiiiiiiiip! the drawstring ripped through the fabric at the waistband. so disappointed.	Dresses
Surprised that this is a fall/winter dress. the embroidery is beautiful but the material isn't that thick and the tie at the waist is unusual. would have been better if rather than having the tie built into the dress it was separate.	Dresses
It's exactly how it appears in the pictures-awesome shirt	Knits
I bought this shirt in the turquoise color with the navy trim and love it! color is as pictured. shirt is very soft and flowy. the length was a little shorter than expected (the slits on the side almost reach the top of my jeans) so i'm glad i got the regular xs and not the petite. this shirt is unique without getting too crazy!	Knits
Lovely! at 5'6", 34a-28/29-36, the size small was a great fit. moss color is really quite grey. drapes beautifully and is an easy wear.	Knits
This top is soft, flattering, modest enough to wear to work, but subtly sexy (and i'm amply endowed at 36d). i just wish i'd gotten one in every color.	Knits
I tried this on at the store and am coming online to order it in petite. i'm 5'1" and the length hit me just below the knee in the regular length so i'm hoping it will hit just above the knee in petite. it was very cute, might run a bit large but basically true to size. size down if between sizes. it has a little bit of sparkle beading around the neck which is nice.	Dresses
This black dress with raised white embroidery is lovely and flattering. the fabric has a nice texture and is medium-weight cotton, and machine washable. the dress is unlined. it's a bit hard to get on and take off even though the buttons can be undone, which helps. there is a tie at the waist, drawstring-style. i only wish my store had the petite size, as i am wondering whether the xs that fit me in the store will still fit as an xs p.	Dresses
Got this today and highly recommend it! it fits perfectly and is very flattering! i can see wearing this all wear round! perfect date shirt!	Knits
I saw this dress online and b-lined it to the store to try on. it is a beautifully made dress. lots of great detail with stitching and beading on the front placket. feels very boho and chic. i have received lots of compliments while wearing this dress. i was almost turned off by the price, but decided to see it in person. worth every penny. wear it with sandals or tall boots, could have worn a medium, but a little tight for 38c on top.	Dresses
So this shirt is very cute, i like the drape (if you can get it arranged properly), but it is not black, more of a charcoal bordering on heathered navy. i wear all black so it quite obviously stands out as a different color in my closet. i am keeping it, thinking i will wear it with leather, since it is flattering and the keyhole is something different. i am a true medium and bought the medium and it fits fine. a little shorter in the back but not a deal breaker.	Knits
I love everything about this top. first, it's super flattering, especially if you have a tummy. i am small chested, and it makes me look a little chestier than i am. i tried on both the xs and s in the black (it's really a charcoal gray) but preferred the fit of the xs. note: i'm 5'8" / 136 lbs and typically wear an xs or s in most retailer tops. the small seemed too drapey and the armholes were a tad big. my store didn't have the wine color or i would have purchased it too.	Knits
This arrived today and i am thrilled with it. the material is soft but not at all clingy. it drapes perfectly, falling just above the knee. there is a matching slip that is as nicely made as the dress itself. what a find!	Dresses
Love this dress! the neckline is gorgeous	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress - and did from the picture online. when it arrived, the black already looked faded and old. also, the embroidery looks like a grandma, but not in a cute vintage way. the fabric is stiff, which causes a boxy, unflattering look. had to return it.	Dresses
Very cool top! i purchased this in the black, which is more of a very dark gray (imagine sanded silk). it's very figure flattering and accentuates curves. it also disguises any minor tummy issues. not to clingy, but follows your form. the fabric is well made with a perfect drape to match the style. definitely a winner!	Knits
Colors are vibrant (i ordered the blue color combo) material is light and feels great against your skin.	Knits
This dress is absolutely gorgeous! the colors are actually very bright. it has a little embroidery and beading in the chest area. the fabric is actually very soft and it comes with built in slip. i found that it runs true to size. i got a medium, as i wanted it to be more roomy. i'm planning to wear it with booties, long boots, or sandals in the spring. i think it will make a great teacher dress.	Dresses
Very figure flattering!! i am 5'6" 128 lbs 32b chest and size xs is perfect	Knits
I cannot believe how different this top looks in person. i purchased this in the store and fell in love with it immediately. viewing the pictures on here does not do the top justice. it is very form fitting and compliments large busted women. the cut is not too low and lays beautifully.	Knits
I had my eye on this tee for awhile, and finally ordered the turquoise/navy in the small. as soon as i received it, i ordered it in the taupe/peach and am contemplating one more! i plan to layer it now and can't wait to wear it solo next spring and summer. the colors are gorgeous (although the taupe is more dark gray which i love), the material is very soft, stretchy and comfortable, but it's the very flattering cut that sold me. it hangs beautifully and doesn't cling to my middle but skims it p	Knits
I am generally a size l, and after reading reviews, sized down. the inner layer was a little snug, but this was not an issue because of the outer layer. great dress!	Dresses
This dress is a winner, i'm baffled that there is only one review? i thought this was a dolan dress. the material is soft and substantial. the cut and style hides figure flaws without adding bulk. this versatile dress is perfect for all seasons and all social situations. i'm 5'3" 135# 38/28/35 and purchased size m.	Dresses
This is a busy dress that makes me think "boho-glam holly hobby". i bought my usual size and it looks like nightmare of a nightgown on me. i'm going to try a size smaller in the hopes i will love it more. i'm recommending this dress for those that like the quirky whimsical hippie eclectic crafty style.	Dresses
I just bought this and really think it is a great dress! it is conservative, and i will be able to wear it to teach or play the organ at my church. i am a church organist and college professor and need conservative clothes, yet i do not like to look "frumpy." this is cute and chic, yet conservative. also j got 25% because it is black friday. thank you retailer!!!	Dresses
Great dress - fits tts (i am a 6p and purchased a sp). looks good with boots or ballet flats.	Dresses
I found this dress to run very large. the fabric was substantial but rather coarse. also, the lighter color in the pattern is lavender and not white or cream.	Dresses
I love this shirt, in fact, i love all bordeaux tops from retailer. i followed the instructions to hand wash only and after it was wet and then lay flat to dry, it may fit a child. it is a belly top. i want to love this, but it shrunk so bad even with the hand wash only instructions.	Knits
As other reviews noted, this runs large--huge is more like it. it's great quality, but i'm wondering now if the s/m would take me through the third trimester of pregnancy (which is why i ordered a m/l). i'm 5'7", and if i were any less, i don't think this would work for me at all.	Dresses
I always have to try on tops of retailer. i know this, and yet i ordered a top through the website anyway. i don't think i'll do it again. the drape of the top seen in the pictures did not translate in real life because the top scratched up pretty quickly. ironically, when i washed it (according to directions) it also shrunk quite a bit.	Knits
Nice basic shirt to wear with jeans. it is super soft and hangs nicely. runs true to size.	Knits
I am a 10/12 and ordered the m/l. it's very large! i normally take a large in retailer, but i can't figure out my size in this. it's very wide. i love the denim patchwork detail so i will order the s/m and see how it is.	Dresses
I ordered this in a small and it fit perfectly. i love the longer length so that it can be worn with leggings. the detail is so pretty especially the colorful side panels.	Knits
This top is very strange. i agree with the other reviewer in that i think it's not cotton. it clung and got bunched up around my chest. like in a static cling way. there's just something about the way it hangs that is not flattering. too bad as i was really looking forward to wearing this but alas, it's going back.	Knits
I wanted to love this so much! i am 5'8 and normally do a size large in retailer, but based on the previous review i sized down. the top fit fine, but the bottom just sort of poofed out. not flattering. it does have pockets which are amazing, but overall, just wasn't a good fit. the top is t-shirt material, not denim.	Dresses
This seems like a great top! i have only worn it once, but it is super soft and comfy, yet stylish. sleeves are fun. color is vibrant as shown.	Knits
I purchased this shirt to wear postpartum so i could easily be comfortable but still cute. it will work well for the fall with some cute jeans and booties. i cannot wait to wear it....any day now! great choice.	Knits
I ordered this top because 1. the online product page states the fabric is cotton. 2. i liked the style with the scarf insets. 3. the colorful embroiderey would be a welcome companion for my many pairs of pilcro chinos.when i opened the package several tiny round beads rolled out. after examining the detailing, i found where the beads were missing.size: i normally wear a small for most retailer brands, but i know nothing about slone rouge. i went with a small since it appears oversized on	Knits
I love the color blocking but dress hangs a little strange on me. love the pockets, thought about sending it back and decided it is very comfortable, i will wear it but not quite what i was hoping for.	Dresses
It is a beautiful shirt and fits perfectly. i purchased it in ivory and although not a true ivory, it has some pinkish tones to it, it is absolutely beautiful. looks perfect with a long necklace and jeans.	Knits
This top runs large for sure and reminds me more of a tunic due to the length. nice detailing around neck and sleeves and the paisley print on the side hems is super cute. size down!	Knits
Soft material, lays nicely. got an xs but usually wear a smaill. got it in the mail and it is wrinkly so will need to steam it.	Knits
Regarding the product, high quality materials and overall make. extremely comfortable and flattering cut. i'd love this in all the colors of the rainbow.	Knits
This is a beautiful top, the fit is very flattering. i'm tall with broad shoulders and the sleeves hit just above my elbow. i wear it on the weekends and to work...very versatile. i washed it in the washing machine and hung to dry, it's the same size and no fading..not sure about the others below with shrinkage issues. highly recommend it!	Knits
This top is extremely well made. the fabric is so soft. the style is very stylish. it is very figure flattering and chic. a keeper! i'm petite and the style is not overwhelming.	Knits
This top flows so nice. i get so many compliments when i wear it. plus the color is an interesting blue	Knits
So glad i finally bought this! love it!!! and have received many compliments. wore it with brown over the knee boots. one of my fave all time outfits right now.	Dresses
To be clear i am not built like your models but the biggest problem was the way in which it tented out from the bustline down	Dresses
I ordered the blue version of this dress thinking the accent stripes were black. they were not ! they were wine colored. i liked the color, but not in combination with the other colors in the dress. black would have been a better look. i had to take it back. sad...	Dresses
Tried this on in the store - i love the colors but the cut was just not flattering. the liner was fine, but the dress flared out excessively and looked like a tent. tried it with a belt for some definition but the fabric was too thick.	Dresses
Very good quality. love the length of it. i wore it with a belt, since on me without it looked a bit too big. i bought the blue one.	Dresses
I ordered this after reading through the reviews. i realize the reviews were mixed, but thought i'd take a chance. unfortunately there were more things wrong than right with this dress. right: i loved the various colors (yes, it shows black but is actually brown). i also loved that it was lined and the lining was semi-attached to the dress, with the same hi-to-low hemline. wrong: as said by others, the sleeves were very tight! the dress is roomy and does swing but unlike the model, it isn't real	Dresses
After readying the reviews of this dress, i thought for sure i was purchasing a winner. boy, was i wrong! first, this dress feels like a potato sack and looked like one on. i felt that it was very boxy and more of a o' one size fits all' sizing. it did not embrace my curves at all. the material was not as chic as i would have thought. overall, the entire dress was not flattering. honestly, i do not understand what the rave reviews were talking about it.	Dresses
Too much material everywhere. i am 122lbs 5'4" and i ordered an xs as usual. i was overwhelmed in a blanket of knitted material of muted colors. nice green slip, though. i will return it asap. this is super-ugly.	Dresses
Okay i'm short, so this tent dress is seriously huge on me and not flattering. the fabric is so pretty, but this dress must be for a tall girl. no shape at all!	Dresses
This dress hangs horribly. unlike the photo, the waist does not cinch. too bad. the colors are great and the quality of the material is nice. because i bought it on sale, i may try to tailor it to work, but unless you are willing to do that, its a no go. :-(	Dresses
I was on the fence about this dress but so glad i did, thanks to the reviews i sized down from my normal medium to a small and this dress is definitely one of my favs!!!! it is a quality comfortable material that does stretch and allows you movement with ease. the illusion slims me in the middle where i need it most. i adore this dress.	Dresses
I almost missed this, i snagged it during the black friday sale online. i got an extra small and it fits great-not too fitted. the back is a cotton material with some stretch to it. the embroidery is beautiful.	Knits
This was pretty to look at: nice weight, lining, colors. i tried it on and whoa. ridiculously bad. i have broad shoulders and a small waist and this accentuated the broadness of my shoulders and eliminated any hint of shape below that. the model photo looks great, so i imagine this will look great on anyone with slim shoulders and narrow hips. definitely not for me, though...	Dresses
I am returning the dress. it has too much volume and is not flattering at all	Dresses
I ordered this dress in both colors. i'm very fair and blonde and the darker dress just swallowed me up - looked really messy on me. the lighter one.....love it. it's very flowy and not form fitting, of course, but something about the lighter color just seems less overwhelming.	Dresses
I like this dress a lot. it does not have much form but with a belt looks great!	Dresses
I bought both color options in this dress and they are both gorgeous but i think this dress must only look good on the model and her body types because i put it on and cringed. i'm 5'7" and slim. it was matronly. i also ordered my usual size small and felt like the medium might have been better? the picture of blue colored dress looks more fitted around the waist and these dresses and very loose. the only way it would be flattering is if you added a belt. keep that in mind if you do buy. pretty	Dresses
Love this dress! the stripes are flattering, the material is interesting and it swings! it's feminine and fun!	Dresses
This is a beautiful looking dress, but definitely runs wide and long. i'm 5'4, 112llbs and my normal xs swallowed me up. if it had been available in xs petite then that probably would have worked, even though i normally never go with petites. it is a gorgeous dress, and would probably work on those ladies who are taller.	Dresses
I ordered the peach/ivory/tan version in size xl and i love everything about this dress. i'm size xl and a pear-shape so dresses can be hit or miss. this one is a favorite. it's so soft. the mix of colors and the sizing of the stripes/pleats is flattering. it's nice being more fitted on top & flowy through the bottom. i love this dress so much! i'm having fun pairing different combos of necklaces, vests, pins, belts & boots with it. i'll get good use out of this through spring. comfortable, pret	Dresses
I have been self conscious about a recent weight gain going from a size 6 to a size 10-12, but this dress makes me look & feel skinny again. i know people have suggested that vertical stripes help if you want to elongate your figure. it is true. thanks to this dress i look like my old self, and i am super comfortable wearing this all the time. you can wear this dress from day to night, you can dress this up or down. it looks great with a jean jacket and high-tops, or high-heeled booties with a n	Dresses
By itself, this dress is a disaster. it's semi-maternity and offers no shape at all. however, with a belt, it really becomes the sweetest sweater dress. i can't believe how flattering the dress becomes with a belt, the skirt falls perfectly , it's perfect, especially with it's rich colors.for $50, you can't go wrong and i'm positive you need this dress. boots, heels, jacket, whatever, it goes up and down, it's perfect!	Dresses
I saw online, great quality sweater dress- reviews about seemingly extra fabric- easy fix with a seamstress. i have very sensitive skin and wear long sleeves under sweaters. wool, angora, mohair! 5'1, xsp, tts (length/arms) but lots of extra fabric for width. just trying it on was too itchy for me.	Dresses
This runs super big and it just wasn't flattering--way too much fabric. i wanted to love this dress.	Dresses
It's a perfect maternity dress but i love that i will still be able to wear it with a belt once the baby comes.	Dresses
I walked into a hair salon wearing this dress, and everyone who walked by complimented me. to me, that's a definite winner! i got the blue color, and the various colors in it are vibrant and lively. the underdress is like a full slip and an added bonus. this probably also makes the dress hang the way it should. there's no static or clinging where there shouldn't be. i was afraid i might be too short to pull this off, but i absolutely love it.	Dresses
I saw this dress online first and suspected i would like it, but the price scared me away. then, while visiting in portland, i saw it on sale at an retailer store. when i came out of the dressing room to look in a bigger mirror the store clerk said, "well that's a no-brainer!" i thought the same thing. i love this dress so much i actually would have paid full price for it. it's super fun and easy to wear; i paired it with navy blute tights and suede ankle booties. i'm 5'6, 138 lbs and the m	Dresses
This colors and fabric of this dress are beautiful and i really wanted to love it but from the chest to the hips there is too much fabric and it give you no shape at all. it had to go back.	Dresses
I just got this at the black friday sale..... i may have passed it by had i not been in an adventurous mood ( i usually wear brighter colors). it feels wonderful....cozy and silky like expensive pjs!! looks very glamorous yet laid back... i feel like i am in a 40's romantic film.. i got a ps and it fits flowy. it was the only one so i was not able to try the xs. love it! it was cold today so i wore a cami under it with lace peeking thru the low neckline .	Knits
This dress fits great and is very warm for the winter months.	Dresses
I just ordered this dress in blue on sale and it was such a bargain for the quality and look. it's a very comfortable dress that swings and flatters my body type, which is tall and thin. i think this dress would not work on a more busty woman's frame, but it definitely works for me. i'm 5'9 and 135 pounds and a small is plenty big (i often take a medium). i definitely recommend this dress.	Dresses
I own many tiny tops and like other reviews have stated this is a favorite. the ombre design makes it stand out. the embroidery is beautiful. these are usually tops i throw on during my time off/weekends and i have received many compliments on this one. tiny usually runs small but this is true to size or even a size smaller.	Knits
I bought this dress online and was hoping it would be a great comfortable staple.. it may be the most unflattering piece of clothing i have ever tried on ever! i let my sisters try it on too, to see if they wanted it or liked it better, but it was awful on them as well. i ordered the xs in blue. it was beyond enormous and was just plain and unflattering. i am 5'7' and 115. i love swing dresses,i just don't think is cut well.	Dresses
I wasn't sure how clingy this dress might be or how it would look on my "curvy" body. it's actually really lovely. it runs large but not overwhelming. nice length; above the knee in the front, slightly longer in the back. the colors are really beautiful (i got the darker color). will definitely wear this with a belt, otherwise i think (as other reviewers said) it will be too maternity-looking. i got this at a great sale price!	Dresses
I saw this online when it was full price and was tempted to buy it because i liked it, but did not. when i saw it on sale, definitely wanted to try it! i bought a large and it was too big in the torso area, so i returned and got a medium and it fit better and flattered my figure better. i so rarely wear a medium in anything retailer, so i would say this runs large.i have received 6 compliments on this dress the first day i wore it! it is comfortable, love the colors and design, it is fun. very g	Dresses
Ilove this dress even though it does run big i put a belt with it and it looks stunning.	Dresses
This looked fabulous on the model, of course, and i love sweater dresses. but even in an xs, i was drowning in fabric and looked ludicrous. concept is good but execution went terribly wrong somewhere. a definite return.	Dresses
There's not much to add to what reviewers have said. beautiful, flowing, light-weight fabric. flattering cut. gorgeous ombre tone with feminine embroidery. a great shirt for hanging out of dressing up. this is one of those shirts you expect from retailer. you wouldn't find it anywhere else.i've had this shirt a couple of months now and have to note that even with careful treatment, some of the embroidery is coming loose. it's gotten to the point that i want save it for special occasions rather t	Knits
I was pleasantly surprised how this dress fit me. very comfortable and flattering on me. love the look. need to watch not to wear anything scratchy as it may pull the fabric	Dresses
This dress is really beautiful. the material is soft and sways, but it is sweater-like, not flimsy. it does seem to run maybe a little large throughout, but i liked that look. not form-fitting, has more of a drape.	Dresses
I love this dress. based on reviews, i ordered the small, and the only problem i had was that, while the dress is quite large, the detachable slip lining was quite tight and fitted, which i didn't find comfortable. so i replaced it with a flowy silk slip of my own, and the results are great. the fiber content contains a bit of wool, but i do not find it scratchy to my skin. and i am lovin' the hi-lo aspects of the hem. fun dress for winter!	Dresses
Love this dress! so cute and comfortable! good for all seasons, has a very nice under slip. only issue is that it will snag very easily. great color and i get lots of compliments!	Dresses
I needed to write a review only because i feel like the dress is getting a bad rap by other reviewers. it is a loose, flowy, swing dress. i typically wear structured fit and flare dresses, but i do love a feminine, loose, casual dress from time to time too. this totally fit the bill. it is true to size, fitted on the arms, loose and swingy everywhere else. i got the peach color and love it. the cotton slip underneath is very comfortable too. i ordered the sp and it hits just above my knees in th	Dresses
... for the model to look like this?pros: nice quality. the colors of the blue version, at least, are rich and beautiful. note that the dark color pictured is really brown, not black. the colors are also much brighter than they appear in the picture. it is a medium to heavy weight sweater knit which is well suited for fall-winter. it is layered over a bright navy poly slip.cons: i am 5'8 135# . i looked like i was wearing a circus tent in med. the sleeves were more dolman than fitted. i imagin	Dresses
I wore this dress for the first time the other day and it fit larger than i expected. it is definitely not form- fitting, however, i still love it. just note the previous description if that is the sort of fit you were looking for. as far as the length goes, i am 5'3" and the dress covers my knees.	Dresses
The quality and material of this dress is very nice! it's true to size and very pretty.	Dresses
I wish this dress was more fitted.. the dress looks more fitted and more vibrant in the picture. i bought this dress in an xs, but i am not sure that going smaller would take care of the amount of material in this dress. it was shapeless and did not fall as nicely as it appears. i think someone with a fuller figure would look very nice in this dress. sad to say that it is going back.	Dresses
This is a great addition! it's comfortable, pretty, and can be dressed up and down. most importantly it's slenderizing and a great length for me! i bought it in my regular size, but bought the petite size, noting the model is 5'10" and where the dress stopped on her. i'm 5'6". the dress fits perfectly and is a great length for me! it also comes with a lovely, blue slip! such great quality for the price!	Dresses
Love this dress, i've already worn it many times. i started off with a small but had to go to xs which is smaller than my normal size in order to get the fit as pictured. the length is great and works with tights or boots.great unique dress!	Dresses
Really wanted to love, the top was very flattering and loved the material: very swingy and forgiving. but way to much material, i was drowning in it. sized down to x small but no go.	Dresses
Another reviewer mentioned this was maternity-ish. i am currently almost 5 months pregnant, and i have to say: this is a wonderful maternity dress, even if that's not what it was made for. when not pregnant, i think this might have been a little overwhelming (and i guess we'll see next year if that's the case for me) -- there is a lot of fabric here. i am usually a small or medium in antrho dresses, and i am wearing a small in this now with room to grow as my stomach grows. the colors on the blu	Dresses
I'm 5'4, 115 and the xs swallowed me like a snuggie. i suppose the tons of fabric might drape nicely if you're 5'8 and above? it drooped and hung comically large from every angle under arm, body and skirt. a belt was no match for that much fabric. the colors are gorgeous and it appeared well made, but the design was awful.	Dresses
I disagree with other reviewers on this. it looks a lot better in picture on the model. i found it to run large and not fit in the most flattering way. fabric feels great. i want to love it but it is going back.	Dresses
Yummy, soft material, but very faded looking. so much so that i am sending it back. if a faded look is something you like, then this is for you.	Dresses
Beautiful dusty rose color! the fit is fabulous! love the sleeve and hem length! very flattering and does not cling.	Dresses
I just bought this dress and love the fit. i'm pear shaped and it's very flattering! it's not clingy because it is lined and it has great drape. it's also seasonless. it will look great with boots and a sweater or kimono.	Dresses
My new favorite dress. very flattering beautiful color, and great length. fabric feels very good as well. i'm usually s/m, purchased the medium and it fits perfectly	Dresses
I recently wore this to a beach wedding, and it worked out great with a cute denim jacket. the orange color is pretty and vibrant, and it is comfortable to wear. i like the length of it, and it flows really well as you walk. the cons are that it wrinkles really easily; i used a steamer extensively when it arrived to steam out the wrinkles, but it still had a wrinkled look to it because i think of how the seams are. as i got back up from sitting down for 10-15 minutes, the front and back were alr	Dresses
I really couldn't tell if i like the dress or not - it was swimming on me and i always wear a size small. design is great with cross straps in the back, thin, silky fabric. i would call the color more of a bright coral/orange - not a bright red.i'll get back if i decide to try ordering the xs. . .	Dresses
The colors are beautiful on this shirt and it is true to size. it is very comfortable but i wish the flowing part on top was pinned under arms or something. it is attached at the top of the tank top but nowhere else so it just kind of lays over the tank with a poncho look.i also think the top layer would look better if it was longer- it hits at my natural waist and i'm petite. i still plan on keeping it and think it will be cute enough with jeans. just really wanted to love it!	Knits
A little long but very comfortable. i've worn it to work and to a bridal shower so very versatile.	Dresses
I purchased a large and it fit perfect. i'm a size 12- 36dd. the material is very forgiving and flows over my curves. thick enough that it doesn't need a slip and will stretch to fit size 14 ladies, maybe size 16 too. i'm 5'7" and the length is great on me with flat sandals. doesn't show my bra either.	Dresses
Color not as vibrant as in the picture. skirt is darted, which is not clearly seen in the picture. (assumed would be cut on the bias, which i'm more familiar with in slip dresses.) i didn't fill in the bust and the style is such that it isn't possible to compensate with helpful undergarments. while not for me, i'm still recommending it because it may fit others better. reviewers are instructed to avoid writing about customer service, but i feel compelled to note that the customer service i have	Dresses
Perhaps i purchased the wrong size. i will return to a store and try on the small. the medium just looks a little sloppy on me. i absolutely love the length and the color. will likely exchange for a smaller size and wear it all spring and summer.	Knits
I love this dress, the only issue is i ordered on-line and it came from a store location not the warehouse so it came dirty on the bottom and wrinkled! once i washed it (yes its washable) it looked fantastic!!!	Dresses
I really liked the color and style of this dress, but the proportions were off. the top was too small and the waist was too large. if you are more uniform in size/shape and less of an hourglass this dress may be perfect for you!	Dresses
I know the photos for this dress show it as a very "casual" dress, but i find it very elegant.i really love this dress. it is very simple, but that is what makes it stunning. . the fabric is heavy enough to drape perfectly. it fits really nice on top - my bra fits just fine underneath and doesn't show. i'm a short gal and i will have to wear a small heel even though i purchased an xxs petite. i'm fine with that. nice quality, fits well - done deal for me!	Dresses
Love this dress - haven't worn it yet but wow the design / artwork of the fabric is beautiful !! waiting for weather to cool off a bit so can wear with my off white suede gogo boots ....	Dresses
I found this tee to run true to size with a comfortable relaxed fit. the neckline and elegant button gives this tee enough detail to dress it up if you wanted to take it in that direction.	Knits
I love this dress. i ordered the small, i am 5'2" and 116ibs. the dress fell right at my knee cap. i had it altered in length 2" and now it looks great. i was a little concerned about having to cut off some of the print design elements, but it didn't effect the look .	Dresses
Im size 16 top and the xl is a little big but it is a longer tshirt whihc i love thank you sooo much please return the size large back...	Knits
It is a beautiful dress,but didn't fit me.this is better for someone tall and thin.	Dresses
Now, i ordered both striped versions and i don't know which to keep... the material is a nice soft knit. the neck line is almost boat-neck, with little buttons, so cute. colors are really nice too. i tried it on with skinnies and trousers,a nd ti looked great with both. i went with the petite version, for those shorter gals out there... xxs petite fit me, i havne't tried o the xs petite yet. (5'1.5" and 115 lbs). i think it would loke nice with a pencil skirt too, if i only had one that went wit	Knits
I purchased the navy breton stripe version of this shirt. it's chic, versatile, and soft, a great rendition of a wardrobe classic.	Knits
Loved the fabric of this dress, and the slip that comes with it. i wish the waist line fit a little better though. i am 5'4" with an athletic build and it looked really boxy on me. i was so disappointed. thought i could synch it in to make it work, but think this is a return.	Dresses
The material is awesome and it's a super pretty dress it just didn't work on my body.	Dresses
Couldn't make it work, even belted. ivory color is darker irl--dingy light tan, like dirty vintage. "drop" waist is not dropped at all, just a maternity-ish cut that starts boxy-loose high up (below bust), then abruptly flares out at bellybutton level (not low hip) into the skirt. i usually find a-line cuts good at giving illusion of a willowy, curvy waist, but this does not--adds ten pounds. poly fabric heavy/hot; rayon lining awkward and doesn't flow/drape. (5'3'' 127lb 34a, tried xs)	Dresses
I bought this mainly because i have a similar one in the mustard colorway and i love how this flows. the color is definitely one you don't see a lot of, which is what makes it special. i could see it running a tad large, but i think it's pretty true to size. now i'm debating about buying it in blush!	Dresses
I really love this dress. i cannot believe how many people have complimented me on this dress and ask where i bought it. the color is so soft and pretty. the dress is comfortable as well. it looks great with a light pair of wedges.	Dresses
I bought this shirt in the teal/navy and loved it so much that i went back and bought the white/navy too. it is so soft! the shirt runs a little tight but is stretchy and not uncomfortable. the sleeve length and neckline dress up this shirt a little bit from being a standard t shirt, yet it is just as comfortable. overall very cute and flattering.	Knits
I'm 5'3" about 130lbs and ordered a size 6. the print on the fabric is as expected but the shape of the dress and fit were not good at all. i probably would wear a 4 instead of the 6, but could tell that even if i had the 4, the cut of it still wouldn't be flattering on me at all. it was baggy in odd places and had no shape. the outer fabric is very sheer and see through and the lining is nice, with a fitted slip design.	Dresses
I love the raw edges on this t-shirt and the marled pink is a pretty color. the fit is not as oversized as you might expect from the photos. order your usual size. it's very soft and lightweight.	Knits
I tried the red/salmon color on at the store. it's a very bright color, but a nice one. the top is form-fitting, with soft stretchy material. there are two small buttons at each shoulder. the sleeves are a good length. the boatneck shows a little bit of bra strap, but not too noticeable. the only thing i didn't care for was the somewhat synthetic look of the material. if you're between sizes, size up as it's a snug fit.	Knits
Fun versatile top for casual wear with capris, denim, or shorts/skirts. purchased both striped versions. love ballet necklines. the 3/4 length sleeve is wonderful for spring, summer, fall in california. the top is fitted yet it runs small. be sure to sized up. i normally wear xs, however this was way too tight. so i've ordered a small in both. hoping it works perfectly.	Knits
I ordered a size up after reading the reviews, but i wouldn't of had to. it's not a snug fit at all. although, i am fairly small busted. soft fabric with a little stretch that will be great for lounging around the house or running errands.	Knits
I bought this dress on super sale online after seeing it in the store. the pattern is just so beautiful and unique! i think it looks much pretty in person than online. there isn't a lot of shape to the dress but i like the loose style and can see this being worn with boots/booties. it also looks nice with a belt! my only complaint is i had to size down to a 6 (usually an 8-10 in dresses) and the liner slip was a little tight. also would have loved to try this in petite. the regular falls to just	Dresses
It's the perfect long, loose t-shirt. flattering without being fitted. love it!	Knits
This has a cute aesthetic on the hanger but not so great on- at least for my body type. i am 5'10" with broad shoulders and slim, and both the arms and dress length were too short. in addition, the size 8 was boxy and unflattering. sizing down to a 6 would have exacerbated the length issues.	Dresses
Beautiful shirt for a great price. i love a good striped shirt and i got it on sale!	Knits
The sleeves are a bit too voluminous and the solid color collar stands out a bit too much. but it's a cute pattern and style. very comfortable.	Dresses
This dress brought out my tamed inner kitty--there's a collar so of course it's tamed! i'm in love with this unique print that roars retailer to all who admire. this is not a hot weather dress because of long sleeves and fabric. dropped stars cuz it's yucky poly/rayon and you need to size down or you'll be drowning in fabric (this cat doesn't swim!) looks great belted or underneath my black wool sweater. i'm 5'3" 135# 36c and i purchased size 8.	Dresses
I received this dress today and can not be happier. i'm 5'6", 120 lbs, 34c, and the 2 fits perfectly, hitting about 1.5" above my knees. the print is so pretty and elegant. the colors aren't too vibrant, aren't too muted. the collar and french cuffs give the dress an extra flair. it comes with a little slip because the dress is sheer. i just tried it on with suede booties and it looks adorable! i'm ready for cooler temps to arrive so i can wear it!	Dresses
Got the blue & white striped in xs. fits perfectly. the arms are a little snug but it stretched to a comfortable fit. it's very comfy and good quality fabric.	Knits
So much prettier in person than online. the animal print isn't in your face, but subtle enough for almost any occasion. the button-up collar and slightly past knee length make it work for a casual work environment. the pleats and airiness of the dress remind me of kate middleton in anita dongre. fit: 5'4", 140 pounds - i bought a six, but the four would probably work as well. because of the lightness of the fabric, the extra fabric doesn't overwhelm my small frame. goes slightly past my knee	Dresses
This dress is so much prettier in person! it will be great both for work and play, can't wait to pair with booties into fall.	Dresses
I got this dress in the mail today, and it's one of the best dresses i've ever gotten at retailer.. the material is of high quality and feels silky against the skin. the fit is true to size for maeve, and is so flattering. for reference, i'm thin (116 lbs), but curvy and usually order a regular xs. in maeve, i'm usually an xsp, and the xsp fit perfectly. it looks good with a wide cream colored crocheted belt (also from retailer), or on its own.	Dresses
This dress is beautiful and very flattering! i bought the 8 and am 5'3" and 138lbs. it fits right at the knee and is flowy, but still gives some shape without looking baggy. i love it!	Dresses
I am busty and have a difficult time wearing stripes because they are not that flattering. the stripes on this top are narrow, and the material is thin which makes this great to wear under a jacket if you want to dress it up. i am 5 feet tall and ordered both the regular small and the ps because i wasn't sure which sleeves would be best on me (as far as the length goes.) if you want the sleeves to look like they do on the model order the petite if that's what you usually order. you can also get	Knits
I am so happy with this dress. i bought my usual size 2, and it was a perfect fit. this dress is gorgeous. it has some stretch, which is a plus. i am 5'5 ", and it was not too long on me at all. i am so thrilled with my purchase.	Dresses
I a looking forward to wearing this dress with a jean or leather jacket. the dress is well made and the fringe adds a nice detail to the otherwise basic design. be sure to order a couple of sizes smaller than your regular size because the dress is huge. i ordered the dress in both colors and am keeping the blue.	Dresses
As previously mentioned, this dress runs very large. i ordered accordingly, and the small was the right size for my frame, but it was just not flattering. i'm pear shaped, and i found the shoulders to be large, the neck a bit too high, and the overall cut to hug my figure in a very unflattering way. i'm 5'4", 140-ish, and maybe if i were a few pounds lighter and a few inches taller, it could've worked. i so wanted to love this, because it's soft and comfortable and cute, but back it goes.	Dresses
This dress is more beautiful in person. loved it . fits true to size . i had to return it because it was to long for what i needed.	Dresses
I'm 5.5", 128 lbs, 34b cup, slender throughout, size 2 fit perfectly. lightweight, flattering dress. bought on sale to wear next year to baby/bridal shower type event.	Dresses
I just received this dress and i feel like a goddess in it! it is perfect for graduations, weddings, romantic dinners, tropical va cations....heck, i'll wear it to the grocery store! i love it that much!i am 5'7" with a 34c bust.....i have this dress in a size 4 and it fits very well. this dress is slim cut from the shoulder down to the waist. the dress length hits me at the lower calf, just like the model online. i think the armholes are cut a little high...this being said; this dress would	Dresses
Absolutely love the print and quality is great too! unfortunately, for a well endowed woman like myself, it runs terribly small in the bust and hip region. it absolutely does not look as flowy on an hourglass body type. too bad because it's beautiful! might try sizing up but doubt it will work :(	Dresses
This dress was so cute and comfortable! i said it runs big, but i think that may also simply be the style of it. i paired it with some cute boots and received many compliments! love it!!	Dresses
I ordered the red in xs petite, xxs and xxs petite (in case petite was too short). so far, the xs petite and xxs petite were shipped to me, however, thought the bag said petite, the actual dresses inside were regular sizes, and they were huge, even the xxs (i put it on on top of another knit dress and it was big0. so i reordered, this time only the xxs petite (though i am technically waiting for the xxs regular)... perhaps all the bags have been switched... we shall see, but perhaps this isn't t	Dresses
I love the pattern, but the color was not great on my skin tone. i tried on the regular size and it wasn't great. teh cut could work, but overall, i didn't feel like it was enough for me to order the petite to see, and i sometimes do. in a tall darker toned person, this would be gorgeous. what i like the most is the color pattern in the print, and shimmer.	Dresses
Recently wore this lovely dress during business trip - was stopped four times while walking thru orlando airport. the design is extremely comfortable, the print will make you and others smile. so elegant and fun. the beading on the flowers is elegant. such a unique piece	Dresses
This is simply a fabulous dress. i think the issue with the other reviewers is that they are too small (though there is nothing wrong with that). i am not. i am older and heavier, and the dress fits very well. i'm also rounder on the bottom so it is not baggy or tent-like. the material and texture of the yarn is soft and comfortable. you can wear it all day at the office and into the evening. it looks great with a jean jacket, for example, and booties. and it also looks terrific with flats. it d	Dresses
This dress is a lovely creation! however, i had to buy it three times before finding the proper fit. it runs extremely large!! i am 5'4", weighing around 128. i ordered a 4 petite the first time because others stated this dress ran small. ha! it was a sack!!! the 2 petite was little better. the 0 petite was perfect! but i have never worn a 0 petite in my entire life!otherwise, this dress is an original that i will enjoy for many years to come! if only it had been made of silk, it would be un	Dresses
I ordered this dress in navy for fall, and it is now easily the most darling and figure flattering dress in my wardrobe. i am 125 lbs and size 27 in jeans. i usually wear a size small but ordered a medium based on reviews that said this dress runs small, and i like that the medium is a little longer and slightly blousy, making it more modest, but the small would have worked just fine for a slightly more figure-accentuating look. the fabric hangs beautifully and has a silky feel. the navy flower	Dresses
It's stunning in person. delicate beading detail on bodice isn't visible in the photo but really dresses it up. fits lovely but runs small. i am usually a 6 or 8, ordered the 8 and it just fits. fully lined. bought it to attend a wedding and i'm very pleased with it.	Dresses
Don't wait. get this dress now before it disappears. it is gorgeous, it is well made. it is like butter. the fit is perfect and the workmanship is stunning. everything about this screams, "lets go party!." oh yeah... and the skirt part kind of swishes around as you dance. you cannot get more charming than this.	Dresses
Good reason to read reviews. i concur with others in that it fins large and looks boxy. heavy fabric makes matters worse.	Dresses
I ordered the small and it fits ok,i probably could have went with an xs but i am keeping the dress.it is a very beautiful dress.this dress can be worn for casual or dressed up for evening.very versatile dress and well made.i did get it on sale which made it very affordable. i am only 5'3" and the length in the regular s is fine for me.	Dresses
I am 5'8 and 220lbs (extremely muscular) i ordered a size large and it hangs very nicely over my curves, the neckline looks pretty good with my broad shoulder, and the dress comes about 4 inches above my knee. i think people with curves would really like this dress but it does lack shape so beware if you're looking for something with some structure. the blue is gorgeous and the fringe details are very cute. this dress does seem to run a bit big.	Dresses
I was looking for something business casual when i ran into this dress in store. i was able to wear a petite small, but am normally a 4-6 in dresses. it does run large! its perfect with heels for work or dressed down with boots in the fall. it is very comfortable and still looks like you're trying.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to my graduation where i was receiving a degree in horticulture. i also just had a child a few weeks prior and was worried about sizing. the high waist worked well for the post pregnancy belly. i am 5'3" and was typically around 130 lbs pre-pregnancy which was typically a 4 in dresses. i ordered a 6 petite in this dress and it was perfect! the only area that was sort of tight was the bosom but i am nursing so i expected as much. the petite length was perfect for my he	Dresses
I loved the look and style of the dress but was unsure how it would work with my body. i'm curvy but slim and usually a size 6 or 8 in retailer. i went with the m in the navy color, and i'm happy i did! the floral pattern is vibrant and the ruffled skirt is flirty and fun. as far as fit goes, i'd say this runs mostly true to size but is rather short in length. i have a large chest so the top part looked more baggy than blousy, and the skirt portion was just comfortably fitted. however, the cuten	Dresses
While i loved the material, color and concept of the dress, it was much too large and sack-like. i'm 5'2" and 108 lbs, pear-shaped. i purchased the regular xs given stated length in the description. while the length was just right, it was just much too large throughout. i'm not sure that even an xxs will help so sadly, this will be going back.	Dresses
This is a great dress - nice soft fabric and the red is a nice, vibrant tomato red color. i ordered a small - i am 5'4" and usually wear a 4 in dressed. this dress was so huge - it might be mismarked but labeled a small. i will have to return it - not even my seamstress can make it fit!	Dresses
I ordered this online and i love the style, but didn't like the print as much as i thought i would.	Dresses
I ordered the navy in an xl although am generally a medium or large in tops. i sized up because it looked fitted and i think it was a good choice for me. it fits just like the model but the back droops a bit and the neck is wider. my bra is still covered in the back. it fits perfectly in the waist and the elastic allows for some adjustment in placement. there's 2 layers of ruffles in the skirt portion. i'm 66 and was concerned it would be too young looking but i love the look. it hits about an	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress but sadly returned it. i think it would be more appropriate for someone younger. it runs very large but its not clingy so forgiving of anyone with chunkiness (such as myself). i guess i just thought the blue was a little too unexciting (for me).	Dresses
I already have some dresses similar to this, but i couldn't help getting this one, too. i love the flowers, bees, and ladybugs on the print! there is some shimmery beading on the neck and a few spots. i think i can wear this at work with the right cardigan/jacket, so i'll get more use out of it. it's a lovely light, floaty fabric that's nice for warmer weather.	Dresses
I felt a review would be helpful for anyone between sizes. i am long, lean, and broad shouldered. i normally wear a m, but ordered a l. it still fits snug, so i've exchanged for an xl in order to get the drape, as pictured on the model. material and color of the red motif is darling; light as a feather & will take me spring through summer.	Dresses
This dress runs very large. i am usually wear an xs but i had to get xxsp-runs large through the mid section and arm holes. very comfortable and super cute on.	Dresses
This dress is absolutely stunning!!! i'm 5 feet & curvy. it's flowy, lightweight & has some sparkle mixed in with the gorgeous print. it fit everywhere except when i got the zipper up to my chest. i'm a 36dd & it wasn't going to finish zipping. i was very sad! i even tried the biggest size they had - a 12 & it didn't work. if that zipper had been able to go all the way up & would own this dress.	Dresses
I bought this dress in burnt orange for my 19 year-old collage daughter. she loved it and has found many opportunities to wear it on campus. she said it is so comfortable and perfect with a sweater for cool fall mornings and sleeveless as the day warms up.	Dresses
Love this romantic girlie girl dress. so pretty.	Dresses
I bought this dress at my local retailer store on friday and love it! the dress is well made, with some heft to the yarn. the colors of the yarn, blue, white and grey, seem to shimmer a bit due to their weave, but there is no metallic thread in the dress that i can tell. i know some have written that the dress is a sack, but not on me. i toyed with buying this online and then didn't due to the negative comments about the dress; i bought an extra small and it fits well (i usually where an x small,	Dresses
This dress was stunning on the hanger -- on me not so much. i am 5' 1.5" and typically a sz 2. the smallest size at the store was a 4. i felt it was baggy about the waist and the length would have been better in petite sizing. the print is gorgeous with beading accenting different flowers. there is a tinge of green-yellow to the background fabric and the color did not look good on me. i hope to try this in a 4p.	Dresses
I love this cotton weave shift dress. it is supposed to be loose and not tight. i purchased a medium and fits the way i see it should fit. ref: 34dd, 148 lb; 5'4 height. hits above the knee but office appropriate as not too short. i paired it with a few seasons ago, the navy blue suede fringe jacket by retailer elevenses; new necklace in the blue motif from retailer ( it has a hanging druzy pendant) navy hose and navy crew neck long sleeve top. great outfit for work and an after work party at retailer	Dresses
This is another item i've been stalking that i thought miraculously made it to sale with my size still available. i ordered online but when it arrived i have to be honest i didn't even try it on because i knew it would be going back. the beautiful print online looks really cheap irl on the flimsy fabric. the beaded detail on neck is basically a low grade sequin trim. so much potential just executed poorly.	Dresses
I went with my usual size, but it is too tight, it fits, but i would feel uncomfortable in it. i ordered the pink one, which looks nice in the picture, but in person, it looks cheap. the beading at the neckline immediately looked to me like cocktail dresses my grandma used to wear in the 1970s. that beaded neckline added to the cheap look. this one is not for me.	Dresses
I love the look on this dress - feels great for a romantic night out or for a party.	Dresses
Purchased this in-store today. i'm normally a small, but tried on x-small before trying on my regular size. the x-small fit perfectly. i'm 5"5, 135 lbs, with wide hips and petite derrire. the dress fit well, slightly hugging my bottom. while i don't like things that draw attention to my bottom, with an outward tug or two of the stretchy material of the dress, it fit perfectly. sweater dresses tend to be bulky, so it makes sense to down size. definitely a nice addition to my closet.	Dresses
I almost never buy anything full price here and usually wait patiently for a sale + promotion :) however, this really struck me and i decided to buy it, telling myself it's an investment piece for years to come. it's just so unique and beautiful -- the things that makes retailer unique that aren't as common anymore.____________pros:- very comfortable. i was skeptical because it's all polyester, but it's light and thin and breathable. it feels wonderful on the skin. the lining inside is ver	Dresses
I have an athletic body 5'6". i have no curves and this dress made me look so feminine and long and lean. on top of it being beautiful , the dress has a very comfortable "jersey knit type" lining. so easy to wear and incredibly comfortable sitting and /or dancing.	Dresses
Per reviews and from looking at retailer employee pics on instagram, i sized down to a small, cinched with a wide leather belt, topped with a cropped jacket, added some shooties and a necklace. when winter comes, this will go with my knee high suede boots, long wool coat and chunky scarf. this does not look like a table runner on me like the model shot and previous reviews imply. now i am tempted to buy the other color. i'm 5'3" 135# 36d 38/28/35 and purchased red melange in size s.	Dresses
I went back and forth on whether to purchase this dress, and i'm so glad i did. the fit was perfect. i'm always a little hesitant about long dresses since i'm 5'2", but the petite length was perfect. the quality is great and the dress is so comfortable, but i feel elegant in it. i wore it for rehearsal dinner at my wedding and plan on wearing it again for a wedding next month.	Dresses
I purchased this dress for the second time: it is the gingham garden dress from 2015 that was blue and white. same dress, new name and color. generally, this dress is large overall and long. i wish i could have purchased the petite size. i liked it enough to have it in black and white. this time around i ordered one size down and fit is much better.recommendation: order 1 size down from your normal sizing as dress runs large.the quality of the knit material is soft and flowing.	Dresses
I bought the red motiff in my usual size of xxs petite and it was huge. at first i thought they had mistakenly sent the wrong size but this was sadly not the case. the fit is definitely "sack-like" as other reviewers mentioned. i had to return.	Dresses
This is a dress for a princess. i admire this dress so much, online and in person. i tried on this dress a few times every time i visited the store. the beads throughout the dress provide a low-key surprise sparkle, especially in the sun. the colors are much more vibrant in person, which is breathtaking against the light cream background. the fabric is soft and flowy. unfortunately for me, it doesn't fit right. size 6 fits well but the arm holes are too big and the midi part makes me look frumpy	Dresses
I'm a 12/14 and i got a large and the dress fits nicely through the hips/seat. i'm kind of pear shaped so it's a bit large through the top, but i intend to layer another knit top under it so that's ok.  i didn't want the knit dress to be too tight or else it would stretch out after sitting. i like the colors and the fabric. the weave is loose and after snagging it on my glasses taking it off i'm careful with it. it will be nice into fall with a sweater.	Dresses
My daughter got this dress in the 10 and i got it in the 6 - we are both tall. also, she's a redhead and got the butterfly version and i'm blonde and got the pink. also, both of us are small-chested - and since there is no give in the fabric, i don't know where one would fit boobs if you have them. one thing i noted (and i am not happy about) is that the back is puckered up along the zipper. this has to be on purpose, and i don't really understand that detail, as it doesn't flatter me and it loo	Dresses
I am a fan of these designers and their gorgeous fabrics - most of which are heavy brocades. this is so pretty and fun. the print is playful, and colors are gorgeous, and the fit is floaty but not too full or too tight. i love the bit of beading, and that i can dress it up or down.i am petite and not usually a bigger print or long dress fan, but i know that i will wear this one for years. i did get a 00 petite as i know that only this small size fits me at retailer - 0's swallow me. this i	Dresses
Dress appears to be slim fit, but that's far from the case. usually wear an xs regular because i have a long torso for my 5'3", but it just hung on me like a heavy sack. i have a hard time finding dresses now that i'm not working and like to have a couple on hand for all purpose occasions--weddings, memorials, special occasions. i hoped this one would meet my needs. disappointed.	Dresses
I ordered this in a 2, but returned for a 4 because the arm holes were a little tight. other than that, this is a absolutely flattering dress. u will be wearing it for an outdoor garden wedding shower. the beading around the flowers makes such a different accent. just be careful zipping it up. love it!	Dresses
First of all, the fabric's summery pattern of blossoms, honeybees and butterflies is beautiful and absolutely unique. i love it so much i wish i could afford to keep the dress as an art object. also, with one important exception, the dress is well made. the underslip is the right length and opacity. the dress is not transparent,which is a big plus. there is a slight greenish cast to the background instead of the pure ivory shownin the pictures. this makes the color a bit harder to wear. and	Dresses
This is a beautiful knit dress, however it runs large, so be wary. for reference i am a 34d, 28 inch waist, and 41 inch hips. i ordered a medium because dresses usually run tight around my bum, and it was very, very big. i'm hoping the small is much more flattering because the quality of the knit is very nice.	Dresses
I love the way this dress fits and flows! it does run big. i normally wear size 6 in retailer dresses. had to downsize to 6p. for reference, i'm 5'10" and 34c. the pink color is 1 shade darker than shown in the pictures.there was a tear in fabric along the zipper. called for replacing the dress. the sales rep was very pleasant & agreed to send another one!	Dresses
I ordered an xxs petite and this hangs like a bag on me. i'm usually fine with the petite sizing, but this didn't work and i'm so bummed. the dress is soft, the blue color is gorgeous, but it fits like a bag. i wanted to love this, but sadly will have to return. i think someone with curves will love this dress. it is really beautiful quality, just does not fit a petite frame.	Dresses
I debated buying this, so glad i did. tts. i'm 5'5" 115 and 32c. i got size 2, and it worked but i could have done a 0 (which is my usual size). i was afraid to order it too small because i needed it right away! this dress is gorgeous! i got the pink color way and it is more vibrant in person. the beading is beautiful, it's incredibly soft and flowy! this dress is probably my favorite dress ever! if you're on the fence, order it!	Dresses
I got this in blue and i love it! it skims your curves without being clingy, and it is very comfortable. i was hesitant to buy this, but it's surprisingly flattering! it will be perfect with heels for early fall, then worn with a long sleeve shirt and boots when the temperatures dip. my only caution is that it is shorter than it appears in this photo. it falls well above my knees, and i am shorter than the model. regardless, i am thrilled with my purchase!	Dresses
I had high hopes ordering this top...unfortunately the top has a metallic fiber to the material and that detail was not noted in the product description! it also felt rather cheap & scratchy, poor quality for the price.	Knits
After reading the other reviews i still took a chance on ordering this dress becasue it looks so cute on the model. the dress they sent me is not this dress. it is the same material although the one i received had only one stripe down the canter, like a cross. there was no v back as stated by the other reviewer. it was scoop and if you pulled it down, the neck went up. the dress i received is branded as holding horses while the brand listed on here, is rava. the length measured at 39" not the st	Dresses
When i saw this dress in the store in a size small (i usually wear a large), i thought, "how cute!" so i tried it on. it fit very well...all but in the armhole. so i decided to order a medium. i received the medium and it fits exactly like the small, armhole and all. in addition, i agree with other reviews that this dress' description "above the knee" does not accurately describe length unless you're somewhat tall. i found this dress hit me just where i'd like it to...right above the knee. not a	Dresses
I love the lace on this top, it's perfect. it's great for my shape, i'mso happy with this purchase.	Knits
I've been buying from retailer for the last 15 years and this is the first time i've ever posted a bad review. first of all the fabric is scratchy, thin, and looks very cheap. second of all there is no v back, it's more of a slight scoop. and lastly i'm 5'3" so i ordered the petite small and it's still comes 4 inches below my knee. i am very disappointed in the quality and am definitely sending back. the only thing i think this could possible good for is a swim coverup.	Dresses
I liked this top, i really did. i also liked the subtle shimmer. the fabric didn't seem as soft, but i could not get over the big difference in length between the front and the back. you can see it on the model here, but when i tried it on it was even more obvious and just didn't look right. asymmetrical tops look better when the length difference is not so large, but here it is. the print at the top also made my shoulders look a little broader. i am sending it back.	Knits
I love this dress. i agree with the other reviewers that the rhinestone linkages do very easily get caught on the lace part of the dress and i could see it snagging very quickly. that said, i am going to keep it and hope for the best because it is absolutely gorgeous. it is not actually a true white as it looks pictured. instead we, it is more of a nude color, but it adds to the flattering nature of the dress and makes it look sheer. the embroidery is beautiful. my only complaint is that it will	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress and fits well. the embroidery is delicate and can snag easily.	Dresses
Beautiful, unique design. it's very flattering the way the fabric hangs.i usually wear a 10, but because the lining is much smaller than the dress (which many linings are... it's a pet peeve of mine), i sized up to a 12 and took in the shoulders a couple inches so the bodice area would sit correctly on my bust. otherwise in the 10 my stomach would feel squeezed even if it looked like it fit perfectly. that said, i'm very sensitive to that kind of thing.other reviewers have noted that the emb	Dresses
This is the most beautiful dress i've ever owned. the detail is exquisite. i never write reviews and felt i had to for this dress. i love it!the embroidery does catch on the beading so you have to handle it carefully. it's worth the special treatment, though!	Dresses
I ordered this dress in pm and it was very tight in the top. also, the dress is lovely but the undertones are very gray colored and did not go well with my skin/coloring. it had to go back but others may love it (i have dark hair/olive skin). it also ran a small on top (i'm 38 d). there should be a pm available soon lol	Dresses
I was really excited to get this dress and to my dismay when i pulled it out of the package i could tell i would be disappointed. i tried it on and i was correct....it looked like i was wearing a huge tent. i returned it.	Dresses
I've been looking for a light colored flowy cardigan for awhile and finally found this one is perfect. the materials is soft and has just the right about of details for me with the gently ruffled edges, tie front an some bunching around the sleeves. color is between ivory and tan. i am petite height and medium framed with broad shoulders and since they didn't have petite in stock, i bought regular s. it fits well enough, though i probably could have bought an xs. my new favorite card!	Knits
It's a soft comfy fabric... cute ruffle... may be a little on the bigger side but still super cute! very form fitting but still fits true to size imo the olive color is even more beautiful in person!	Knits
This dress is beautiful, it just swallowed my small frame whole! the colors and design are gorgeous, just not a good fit for me, even at a 0p.	Dresses
I just got this in the mail today. it's really cute when i put it on, but it's definitely meant to be worn slightly off the shoulders like the model is showing. i was hoping i could wear it both ways, but then the v-neck becomes way too low. i would recommend sizing down unless you're bigger busted. however, the torso is cut very true to size which might make it hard for some to size down without it becoming too small. a larger bust might help to keep this from falling off the shoulders. i'm not	Knits
Adorable dress, amazing fit!	Dresses
I absolutely love this cardigan! it is so soft and goes with anything. it can be dressed up or down. it is definitely my new "go to" for airplane travels. highly recommend!!	Knits
This dress has a beautiful fabric, i really hated to send it back. it was just so unflattering, absolutely no shape to it. i bought a 0p, i'm 5'5" and 117lbs and it looked like a maternity dress on me.	Dresses
I had such high hopes for this shirt! i got it in both the black and moss (which is a beautiful color). however, the ruffle was just too big. i put it on and immediately felt like a circus clown. it would probably be beautiful on a woman with a more straight figure with fewer curves, but on me, it was not flattering at all.	Knits
I saw online and bought in white and moss! moss is darker in person. i am 106, 5'1 but a 30f and the top fits very well. it actually minimized my chest which i love! not sure how well this would fit on small-chested ladies. not super clingy in the midsection but will look nice with pants or skirts. super happy!	Knits
This is a beautiful dress. i ordered a size 10 to accommodate my bust (36d) which it did but the rest of the dress was too big. it was bulky in the middle area and did nothing for my shape. this would likely work best for smaller ladies.	Dresses
Bought this dress on sale - i haven't decided if i'm going to keep it yet or not, because i'm not sure if it's flattering to my bubble butt. i normally wear a 6-8 in retailer (5'6" 135 lbs thin limbs 38-26-38). i ordered this dress in a size 4 regular and i find the length perfect with flats or with heels. i also find the bust area, waist and hips accommodating without being tight, which usually never happens. for this current sale price, this is a gorgeous dress made with beautiful material.	Dresses
The print and style we're great! unfortunately, my bust unbuttons the top. there's no way i can wear this, even if i sized up.	Dresses
This dress is so beautiful it makes me feel like a goddess, lol. i'm normally a 10/12 or m/l and took a 12. i think the 10 would have worked too. everything from the colors, fit and flow of the dress is wonderful. i didn't have any problem with there being too much fabric as some of the reviews mentioned.	Dresses
This top is my favorite of the season! planning to order in black too.	Knits
This sweater is the bomb. it's soft, flattering, and looks good with everything. i ordered a second one to have when this one gets worn out!	Knits
Tried on & bought in-store. so cute & flattering; the picture doesn't do it justice. great neutral piece (more beige than ivory in person). looks cute tied or untied. i'm 5'3" and 120 lbs and the regular size s fit perfectly (not too snug, not too loose, and just long enough to cover my bum.)	Knits
Very cute top but it is wide and runs large. it is very flattering with skinny jeans and the color is a beautiful navy almost a hint of purple. i would consider a size down. may run on the short side for those with longer torsos.	Knits
I don't normally like "lace-up" details, but for some reason, i don't mind it on this top. it's a bit shorter than it looks on the model (and i'm not especially tall). the fabric is nice - not too heavy, not too lightweight. great for fall.	Knits
Love this top. fits me perfect. i am bigger on top and received many compliments in this shirt.	Knits
This top runs large. i am usually a medium in retailer but when i read the first review, i ordered a small, and it was the right decision. i also agree that this top might be short for someone with long torso. love the back detail and the print and color is really nice!	Knits
This style is right up my alley and i was excited to receive it. however, it is seriously overpriced. i ordered the white and the material is thin and see-through. the small was even a bit roomy (5'7", 140lbs, 32dd). going back unfortunately.	Knits
This top looked so cute in the picture, but unfortunately doesn't live up to it! the one i received, actually has the print shown in the photo on the inside of the shirt. it makes it much darker, and boring. the shirt itself is on the short side, and would've looked better if it hit lower on the hips, there's just too much fabric for it to land higher than that.	Knits
Love this dress! the light fabric quality, color, and design all added to the grecian goddess feeling! my usual 0 fit perfectly, giving me a great shape and the length is great!	Dresses
This dress has rich color, excellent quality fabric and wonderful style. you can wear it now for fall with boots and jean jacket or in the summer for a great sun dress.	Dresses
Definitely order down a size. i am almost always an xl (big chest, broad shoulders) but the l in this fits me perfectly. well worth the sale price, a fun boho transition piece!it is a "reverse print" so the inside is brighter than the outside, but i like the blurred paisley print--it's subtle.the back detail is great and very flattering.it is quite full and flowy, but in a flattering way, i think. just restrained enough.	Knits
Love the muted pattern in the blue and spots of gray, front and back. i wore this with my gray legging/pants. the pleats allow for a relaxed fit; very comfortable over all.	Knits
Love this top!! fits perfectly & it's lovely	Knits
This top is very flattering on my torso (my "problem area"). the sleeves are adorable and i love the navy with purple tints and the touches of gray. i would say this product could work on most body types. it's very comfortable and i could wear it for a long time. i would suggest considering a smaller size than one's normal size, but i would look into both sizes and see which one you prefer. i ended up getting my regular size because i just liked the way it looked better.	Knits
I wanted to like this top so badly because it has so many interesting pieces to the blouse. ultimately i didn't keep this because of the bell sleeves, and the pattern going across the body just wasn't flattering on my full figure. i went down a size to help reduce the amount of fabric draping in the back, but it didn't make up for the pattern that i just didn't like. if you are interested in this blouse, i recommend it because it might work out for someone with a different figure than mine	Knits
A little treat for me. i work from home and am sick of all my boring tops. this is a comfy little updo number.	Knits
As much as i loved the fabric and lace on this top, the cut of this blouse was not flattering for my body shape. also i thought it was shorter than it looked online. i had to return this piece.	Knits
This tee is cute and unusual and i am sure i will wear it pretty often. i do wish i had ordered a size smaller than my normal large, but i am waiting for it to shrink in the wash a bit. the material is thin and it certainly doesn't feel like it is worth the price tag. i got it on sale and still think it is only worth about 20$.	Knits
I love the colors. however, $200 is a lot to pay for a small piece of fabric , no lining what so ever. the fabric is very thin. you will need a slip. looks just like a cover-up. going back.	Dresses
I was a bit nervous ordering this dress because it had so much going on, but i have to say, it's beautiful on! it's stretchy and super comfortable as well. i usually struggle with tight pencil like dresses, but this is stretchy and super comfy! no riding up on me! i cannot say enough good things about this dress, it's just so flattering and i get so many compliments when i wear it.	Dresses
This dress is more beautiful in person.this dress fits well on top for my broad shoulders, chest(40c)and through my straight hips. note. the side bottom panels are very stretchy. i will have it tailored slimmer. so if you are bottom curvy, this dress is awesome!	Dresses
I was in trouble when i saw this dress in the new arrivals section this month! it's one of those dresses i had to have for the holidays. i didn't want to risk it not fitting so i ordered my usual size 6 and also a size up, 8. (5'6", 135lbs, size 6) well the 6 was entirely to tight, i couldn't even zip past my rib cage. the 8 went on, but it was very body con looking! hugged every curve! this might be the look some might be going for, but not me!! i'm so disappointed that i can't have the dress f	Dresses
I happened to really like this top. it does show some back, but looked cute with high waisted jeans. i happened to like the raw hemline and found it quite comfortable and cute. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, and the size small fit well, though i could have gone with a medium for a much looser look.	Knits
I really wanted to like this since i've purchased previous byron lars dresses and have never not been complimented on them. however, the picture on this one is misleading. the colors are extremely bright, which on my pale skin makes me look washed out. for example, the border on the collar is actually more hot pink where in the picture here it appears almost white. the brightness and business just didn't work on me. that being said it still fit like a glove. 5'11 and 145 pounds and the size 4 wa	Dresses
This dress is everything i hoped it would be--bright, colorful, quality jacquard, classic silhouette. unfortunately it runs small up top on the bust and i couldn't even zip it up all the way. returning :(	Dresses
Every byron lars dress that i have is definitely beyond ordinary and this one is no exception. i love the petals that adorn the front. my dress was back ordered for a couple of months but it was well worth the wait. i wore it recently and received compliments galore. if you're undecided about this one, go for it!!! it's a winner.	Dresses
I bought this dress on a whim one day, even though i wasn't sure where i would wear it, but i just had to have it. this dress fits beautifully, and is very flattering. i am 5'9 and typically a size 14 with large hips, behind, and a smaller waist. the 12 fit me very well--snugged in all the right places and just right everywhere else. i ended up wearing this to a benefit and i received many compliments. go for it!	Dresses
I have the "charisma sheath" by the same designer and love it so much i thought i'd try this one. looks so much better in person than in the picture. it's extremely flattering on my curve less frame. whenever i wear it to work, i get stopped and asked where i got it. great dress, you'll love it more in real life!	Dresses
I just scoured the other reviews to see if anyone mentioned this, so maybe i got a defected item, but on my size 6 dress (eagerly awaited), there is a big bulge on the upper back. my husband suggested it was designed for a hunchback - that's really the only explanation. the back seems tall in general, like 2-3 inches above a normal neckline. i tried pulling it down a bit, spreading my shoulders out, folding the top over - all with minimal results. i have a size 4 coming too (20% off discount arr	Dresses
I was planning to order it online but someone returned it to my local store and i tried it on.............. my regular size is 6. i have another byron lars dress size 6 that fits me like a glove. this dress fits beautifully from the waist down. the top part is very loose and at least a size too big. very disappointing. i am not sure if it is just me or this particular dress, but it was not flattering. :(	Dresses
I love this dress. the pattern/print is very different than most of the dresses i own. i'm 5'1" 106lbs and the 0p fit perfectly. it's a delicate dress. its very fitted in the skirt portion. the top is more of a knit fabric that has some give to it.	Dresses
I wore this to my retirement party; i wanted something special for a once in a lifetime event. i wanted something that was dressy, while also being unique so i wouldn't look like everyone else. almost without exception, from my boyfriend to everyone i talked with, mentioned my dress. the design is so unique, making me feel even more special on my special day. it's beautiful, yet comfortable. the stretchy sides made it feel snug without pinching or discomfort. really a fun dress to wear. i'm sure	Dresses
I was very shocked to receive this dress with a rusty zipper, looks like crusty white rust . see attached pictures. the dress fabric is very nice and i did try it on and it is a very nice fit, lined with a little stretch but my gosh what a cheap poor quality zipper that looks like it was old and exposed to moisture because the metal parts have a white crusty substance! retailer you really need to check your merchandise before sending to your loyal customers. lately the quality has been declining a	Dresses
I have no need for this dress but had to have it. i read the reviews and when there was a sale weekend, pulled the trigger on it. just as reviewers noted, it's very flattering. from the front. and, just as another reviewer noted, the back torso is widely misshapen, creating a hunchback look. but i figured a good tailor could make it right. it's going to cost just under 2 jacksons to do it. which is about how much the discount was for the sale. but i expect to have this dress for years and can't	Dresses
I'm so glad i saw this pretty dress on sale as my eye overlooked when it was introduced. i have to agree with the previous reviewer that the zipper on this adorable dress is yucky to grab and zip. i also wish there were pockets but it's not a deal breaker. perfect dress for autumn/winter especially with a thin layer to wear underneath as the armholes are cut a bit large, showing my side boob and bra. i had to go two sizes up because 10p was sold out. skirt profile looks a little too wide, so i'l	Dresses
Cute design for a casual top. however it was a little snug on the bust for a medium. i returned it	Knits
I got the white with black print and it is nice material and a pretty dress. i just would have preferred a better cut but overall pretty work dress .	Dresses
I really like this dress. buying it during retailer weekend helps me to like it more. the fabric is lovely. i like the popover styling. its slightly boxy, but not oversized. the sleeves do puff a little bit and i wish they didn't, but that's not a deal breaker. the shoulders are cut a little small, so it can be a challenge to take off. i usually wear a medium or an 8 in most retailer brands. i ordered this in a medium and it fit true to size.	Dresses
The cotton silk blend fabric is beautiful and breathes well. i wouldn't have given this dress a thought based on the online pics, but in person i found it femine, pretty and comfortable for an outdoor garden party i'm attending. it isn't too short when i sit or bend over and with some funky, colorful jewelry i really liked it. i enjoy the slightly puffy, gathered shoulder. i did size down so the dress wouldn't be too blowzy but mostly b/c i wanted a tighter fit and it still hides my belly.	Dresses
There isn't a whole lot that i did like about this dress. the shoulders have large poufs, the fabric isn't very soft, and it's not flattering. maybe with a belt i could be tempted, but i wasn't too fond of the dress.	Dresses
I almost always return dresses after trying them at home but not this one! i love it and can't wait to get it back from the dry cleaner. the shoulders are really stylish and the dress is super comfortable. it has pockets which is also a bonus. i told my husband that i want to bring it to a seamstress and have it duplicated in another fabric because i love it so much.	Dresses
I was returning an in line order from same designer and saw this dress. i love it. much prettier in person. this will get well worn by me!	Dresses
This is such beautiful material, but the sleeves at the shoulders are terrible -- the gathered material makes it look like i'm wearing shoulder pads. that structured element compared to the rest of the dress (relatively unstructured) just looks ridiculous. i was so looking forward to this dress, and now it's going back.	Dresses
I'm so disappointed this dress didn't work out! i ordered the size medium, post baby i'm a solid dress size 6 or 8 depending on the designer.the cashier was laughing with me how ridiculously huge this garment was when i held it up. also the length was super long, description says 35" which would be mid thigh for me, but this thing hit me mid knee. also, like the previous review the shoulders are tented and poofy. so bizarre and the cut reminds me of a maternity dress, but the shoulders def	Dresses
Cute spring dress. fit can be a little challenging if you have a full bust. however, print is so beautiful. the material is soft. i liked the puff in the sleeve. it made the look more unique.	Dresses
Gorgeous dress, but so low in front and in back...i couldn't figure out how to pull it off without a cardigan/sweater. beautiful fabric and color.	Dresses
Strange fit if you have a short torso. i ordered a medium petite and the drop waist looked strange, so i tried using a belt and it bunched up. returned the dress. why should a nice simple dress like this create such hard work?!	Dresses
This was exactly what i was looking for: a spring dress i could wear while it was still cool out. loved the colors, pattern, and the fact that it could hide a belly bulge. but i got it in a petite small, and i was swimming in it. i got it in an xs, and the body of it was just right, but the bust was so tight i nearly ripped it trying to climb out (and i'm a barely an a cup). i don't normally have this problem with dresses, but in this case the top and bottom half of the dress felt like they were	Dresses
I really like this dress. it is cute, but not too frilly. i purchased in the store and they only had a petite (i am 5'6", so not a petite), but it fit - a little short but not too crazy. can be dressed up or down. the material and the print are really lovely.	Dresses
The fabric is a nice weight jersey. i prefer to wear the dress backwards as the back of the dress has a moderate v and the round neck (which is actually the front of the dress) makes for a very flattering back. the skirt part of the dress is full but the jersey fabric falls in such a way that does not cause the silhouette to look "hippy". this is not a dress that fits close to the body through the torso, so if you're looking for that you might consider going down a size.	Dresses
The fabric making this dress is great quality- heavyweight and so soft against the skin. the design is near perfect with an extraordinarily flattering silhouette that hangs just right from the hips with poof or flare. the fateful flaw is in the neckline; a broad boat shape that looks awkward couples with a corset-like torso that acts as a push up bra. not for larger busted woman (34d here) and certainly not suitable for work.	Dresses
Absolutely love this dress! i ended up wearing it backwards to work for a more modest neckline, but flipped it around for an evening night out. can't recommend it enough - two of my colleagues ordered it that day.	Dresses
This dress felt small in torso and waist and suffocating in sleeves ( i do have average athletic arms). but the shoulders were cut so wide that one side was falling off, as i fix, one shoulder, another will slide down.the material is nice but since it is not lined, it feels inexpensive, disposable.	Dresses
I thought this dress looked cute online and was excited to try it on at my local retailer. it fits so well and is very flattering! i really like the material. the only thing for me is that i have long arms so the sleeves have to get pushed up, but it looks like that's how it's supposed to be.	Dresses
I love the look of this dress when it's on. the only issue i have with it is that the inside of the dress is white, which shows through on the chest slightly, but it's such a pretty dress and such an overall great fit, that i'm keeping it anyway!	Dresses
I was very excited when this dress arrived in the mail. the fabric is so comfortable, but the print was overwhelming. it is also very tight on the top and i got lost in the fabric at the bottom. i had to return it.	Dresses
I did not intend on buying this dress, as i had taken two others that i had seen on-line into the dressing room. i actually saw the black version of this dress first, and was a bit disappointed that it wasn't available in my size. so, i thought i would try this on just for size. i was totally shocked as to how cute it looked on! i had taken both the xs and the s into the dressing room. the xs was very tight fitting in the arms and chest. i am very small busted, and normally wear a xs in tops and	Dresses
Agree with other reviewers : this dress is surprisingly nice weight/quality fabric. it's also very swingy. i find i am usually a size 10 in hd in paris items (m in deletta and s/m in meadow rue, for comparison) since i'm a 34d i find hd in paris items to leave too little room for larger busts so i size up. in this dress i'm going to try for the m, since the l i ordered was too big, the swingyness leaves lots of room if you are an hourglass shape and the sleeves were roomy without being too big.	Dresses
Well made dress, but too much fabric for my taste. it lays a little heavy on the body & does not give a slimming affect. the colors are vibrant & pretty, but the dress is too long, as well. as other reviewers have said, the front is too low cut, but turn it around and it looks & feels better. didn't work for me, sadly, i'll be returning it.	Dresses
Very comfy! can wear the dress both ways! the front is a deep swoop neck cut. the back is a v-neck cut. i flipped the dress around to the v-neck was more flattering on me due to having a smaller chest. got an size 4.	Dresses
The material of this dress is really thick and substantial. very soft and it has good movement. the cut was not quire right for my body, unfortunately. but on the right person, this would be very nice. i think a lot of different body types would look great in this dress, depending on where the waist hits etc.	Dresses
The material is a medium weight jersey knit that is slightly thicker so it provides enough coverage and support to be flattering without being bulky. i think this dress is true-to-size, or maybe runs a little bit big, but only by a little bit. i bought a medium and am a size 8 in tops and 10 in pants. the dress hugs nicely on the upper body (arms, chest, ribs) and flares just a little bit on the hips/tummy/butt area. it is forgiving of little bumps or lumps. the scoop neckline is a bit lower tha	Dresses
I am five four and one hundred and twenty pounds and the small fits me perfectly with enough room in the arms and chest. i am a 34c. the red is gorgeous and sweet. got it on line sale and worth it	Dresses
I love the overall look and feel of the dress. my only complaint is that it was shorter and lower cut in person than it looked on the model and i'm not tall. i ordered a small and i'm 5"4 130 lbs bottom heavy. the skirt is perfectly flowy and hides my problem areas really well; however, i will need to wear a camisole with it to hide cleavage that will show otherwise.	Dresses
I bought this dress in both the red and black motifs and love them both. i'm 5'7" and usually a medium, but i found the medium to run a little larger than expected. it's fine if you want the dress to hang looser on your body, otherwise, consider trying it a size down.	Dresses
Nice, easy to wear dress!	Dresses
I love simple pull-on jersey dresses and so i had to try this one. unfortunately, it did not work out. fit is tts, i liked the fabric which is soft, silky yet with some weight to it, and i appreciated the thoughtful construction with multiple well placed darts in the chest. the skirt is lovely, swingy but not too full, hangs well. what stopped me from purchasing it is the fit in the shoulders, it was too broad for me and gave the dress an overall awkward shape. the neckline was also a little too	Dresses
The dress is very comfortable and the fit is very flattering. i really like the colors and the design. the only con is that it isn't lined.	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the raspberry for my best friend's bridal shower and it was such a hit! i got it for the $60 sale price with the additional 40% off sale items that retailer loves so much- it came to $41! i paired it with a chunky gold necklace and it was adorable! so many compliments! i'm typically a medium through and through and this fit me true to size as well. 5'6", between 135-140lbs. the cut of the dress fit me perfectly and the material is amazing. i'd definitely purchase this!	Dresses
Cute, easy to wear dress. personally i think it looks better with a belt, or something to accentuate the waist. otherwise it's a lot of fabric in the middle. i didn't think the top was too low as others have mentioned. though, it is possible to wear backwards (with a v neck front) if that bothered you. nice length, long enough for work.	Dresses
The dress is too big. i got size 4, after checking the measurements chart (for reference: 5'7", 125 lb). it is too wide, not as fitted as in the picture. the cut is too deep (might work better for a bustier lady, but looks pathetic on me). the pattern is too bright, much brighter that in the picture (i got red pattern). it's not that the photos represent the colors inaccurately, it's just... the colors are much more vibrant in real life.the material is heavier than i expected.	Dresses
This is such a cute dress! the skirt is very full but does not add visual weight to those of us who already have enough actual weight. i ordered the black/beige print and the fabric is beautiful. it really drapes and hangs nicely. because there is so much fabric, i don't think this dress needs a lining. it seems to wash and hang dry well. i'm 5'4", about 160 lbs. i like the way the medium fit. the length was slightly above the knee, which was ok with me (i'm nearly 60.) all in all, i can see mys	Dresses
The fabric is great and the cut is flattering. i have dds, so it pulls a little in the middle. you can just cut from the inside to release the pulling thread.	Dresses
I agree with the other reviews - it's a little small in the arms, low cut in the chest, but really broad in the shoulders. i bought the xsp, which is a size up from my normal xxsp. they didn't have xxsp to compare. and i am a small person with big athletic shoulders, and my usual problem is with things being tight in the shoulders and fit everywhere else. overall, an excellent buy at the sale price. size up for more room in the chest and arms.	Dresses
Great dress. the seaming helps add shape to the dress. it is flattering and super comfortable. this dress is so easy to wear, i'm sure i will reach for it again and again.	Dresses
I loved the details on the top of the shirt but was especially excited by the length of the top - it comes just over the hips and gives a flattering fit, as well as the sweet little micro sleeves. the color is kind of worn looking but it is so soft. i will definitely wear this a lot.  i bought a medium but probably could've gotten away with a small.	Knits
I was attracted to the feminine design of the dress, the silhouette, the flouncy skirt; however, i ordered the red motif pattern and hated the splotchy, dark colors.	Dresses
Love it! as a previous reviewer stated, you can actually wear it reversible.so happy i purchased it!	Dresses
I find it very hard to find a dress. never like the way they look on me..this one???? fits like a glove, flatters my silhouette (which is difficult because even though i am at a good weight my waist is never small). looks like million bucks on me....i love it!!!	Dresses
I bought this dress online and have to say the material is really soft, has a great weight to it, and i bought it in the red motif. i just wore it to work this past week and received a ton of compliments on it. i wore it with black nylons black heels, and a cropped leather jacket. it is so figure flattering and so comfortable to wear. i typically range in size from an xs to a s, and the s fit me the best. i'm 5'9" and 130 lb. it is truly a lovely dress!	Dresses
I was pleasantly surprised by this dress. it goes perfectly from work to drinks and i receive tons of compliments on it. i pair it with a thin belt and heels or booties depending on the occasion. i ordered a small, it is a little big, but the fabric is stretchy (i am 5'4" 125lbs). this dress accentuates my upper half, while disguising my lower half--thanks, dress!	Dresses
I tried this in my normal sp. i found it to run a little snug, but the neckline was way too low for every-day wear.	Dresses
Super easy date or work dress. it's a little small in the bust so i had to size up but otherwise a great fit.	Dresses
I love love this top. it is a very pretty casual top. it looks very nice on and is more like a tunic. perfect with jeans, very casual but the embroidery, ruffle sleeves, and buttons at the top add a nice touch. i have the red, i am considering buying this in blue as well, i have so many newly purchased blue tops!	Knits
I love this sweater dress. i got the ivory color in a size small. i'm a size 6 & 5'5". i feel in love with it while shopping with a friend, who kind of rolled her eyes at it. i went back later because i knew i loved it. since the ones on the sale rack were covered with dust and dirt at the hem. i ordered it on line in m & small and the small fit better. it is so soft, and the color is great.	Dresses
This dress has been one that i just adored online and in the store so i was happy when i bought it on sale. i have worn this dress one time, thinking that i would love it. the problem is that as i wore it, the dress continued to stretch out of shape and just did nothing for my curvy bottom half. the dress just looked pulled and stretched out of shape. i would say that it may be the yarn and that it has too much give or at least more give than i want.	Dresses
I was so excited to try this dress, but after ready the reviews,i though they were all over the place! i descided to order my typical retailer size small. i'm 5'6" , 134 lbs, and wear a size 6. well, it was a snug fit! i have a slim build and this was just to snug for my taste. i imagine a medium would have been better. however, i was very surprised by the length and slit... the dress hit at my knee cap with the slit going all the way up to mid thigh... .!?? i've seen pics of this dress on instagr	Dresses
Beautiful material- and washable!! i'm vertically challenged and the slits are a tad bit high, even for me- but still tasteful. i would suggest sizing down as i'm normally a medium in retailer but due to the nature of the material i opted to size down and i'm so glad i did!! no arm hole struggles with my particular dress either. overall just a really cute, versatile, cozy and functional option that will certainly get plenty of exposure for many winters to come.	Dresses
I am 5"7" and weigh 123 lbs. i tried on both these dresses in medium, and they both fit. they are not too thin, not too high slit, not scratchy. the problem is i am middle aged with a thick waist. the waist looked lumpy with the close fit knit. if you are younger, slim and tall, you will love it. i sent it back with regrets. hope this helps.	Dresses
I tried this on in the store. all of the dresses in the store were misshapen and pulled long in the armholes (and i love all of my local retailer stores!) i don't think these should be hung on a hanger. the knit is too heavy for hanging. the hem on the dress i tried in the store was dirty from dragging on the floor. i went home and ordered it online with the 20% dress discount and free shipping. the dress i received was clean, unstretched in the armholes and not oddly short like some review	Dresses
Based on the mixed reviews about fit, i waited to purchase until i could try it on in the store and was not disappointed. i'm wondering if there are different batches of this dress? i'm 5'7 and the dress fit as in the photo. the side slits come above my knees but not too high. arm holes are a bit large so if you want more coverage this may not be for you. the material is cozy and soft. the cream color is gorgeous. size wise, it definitely looks boxy and marshmallow-like if too loose. i am usuall	Dresses
I wanted to love this dress, however it has no shape to it. it is also somewhat see through, so something needs to be worn under it. i feel like i received a dress that has been stretched out and returned. i'm extremely disappointed. i do not recommend.	Dresses
I'm usually wary of light colored knits because they can often be thin and see through, but this one had nothing for me to worry about. this had an adequate thickness which does not leave me freezing and i did not consider it sheer. i find that the sleeveless turtleneck design can be versatile for the seasons. i plan to wear it with a cropped denim jacket and boots for colder days and sandals on warmer days. the material is very soft. the cut is true to size to large. i went true to size because	Dresses
The cream color in this dress is divine. such a stunning dress that can be worn with a vest, jacket or alone. it looks very luxe and expensive in the cream color. because it's a knit, can go smaller in size. i tried on both the x-small and small. opted to go with the x-small. found it fit better.	Dresses
I did not notice this dress on the website. it was not until i saw it in store (was an online purchase & returned) - i was immediately in love. i love the color, texture and rosettes. i feel like a million bucks wearing it and have received so many compliments on it. before buying it, i actually ran home to gather a previous purchase and return it so i could buy this dress and not feel guilty! i am usually a 2 or 4 and the 6 fits perfect through and through. so happy with this lovely dress!	Dresses
This dress had so much potential but the horizontal knit ruined it. i tried on size xxs in grey since my usual petite xxs size was not available. the fabric was a good weight and dress was well constructed. however, the wide horizontal knit made the dress bulge out at places especially in the lower body thus made me look wide and bulky. i wish they had used a cable knit pattern which will make the dress drape much more nicely and more flattering.	Dresses
I thought this dress looked gorgeous on the model. so floaty and light. when it came, i found it to be the exact opposite. the hem is so heavy and laid on me like a potato sack. it had way too much material at the bottom and weighed me down unfortunately.	Dresses
It is gorgeous, and yes, the side slits are very high, but i am still keeping and rocking it. i am a size 10-12 and got the large, probably could have got the medium, but after a few washings, i think the larger size will be ok. side slits high, but if the weather is good, and you have self tanner on legs, it looks great with shortie boots. i have gotten many cmpliments on it, just hope it still keeps its shape after a long day of wear. very pretty in cream, though, i do recommend it. i am 5'8,	Dresses
This top was so beautiful, exactly like the image shows but the waist was so tight. it was uncomfortable enough that i am going to return it. sad because the top and arms fit great. i am an hourglass so my waist is very small compared to my top and bottom. oh well, next time!!	Knits
I can't get enough off-the-shoulder tops. so even though this is out of season, i went for it...in both colors! my only con is the fabric has a slight sheen which cheapens the look a tad. like i'd read in other reviews, it does run a bit small for this cut top - i just wanted a bit more volume in the neck hole and in the waist since i won't be tucking in. if you want it more fitted and ruched around the waist, go for your normal size. i'll be ordering a small in both colors because i know i won'	Knits
Very comfortable, flattering, washes nicely- love it!	Knits
I love this top. very comfortable fabric and it can be worn in multiple ways. it is tight on the bottom. i usually wear an xs (5'4" and 120 lbs). had to exchange for a small. very flattering. liked it so much i ordered it in both colors.	Knits
The quality and color is great on this top. the neckline just seemed a be pulled a little too tight on the one side of my neck to be a true off-the -shoulder look. and to wear it as a cowl neck (or actually looks like a boat neck) just makes it too ordinary- since i love the off the shoulder look. it fit me everywhere else and the slim waistline of this top is super flattering- so i think my size was right. the cut of the neckline just needed to be more more definitive one way or the other.	Knits
Beautiful top! you can wear it as a wide boat neck or as its pictured off the shoulder. the bottom is tight with ruching which makes it very flattering. i found the fit true to size. love the neutral light brown color. will look nice with white denim for the summer. excited to dress this unique top up or down.	Knits
I just bought this nice dress on sale as i love the dolan brand and purchased my regular size small (34/27/35) and it fits me perfect so i'd say it runs tts. the material is nice and soft, not see through at all and a good length (i'm 5'4"). i bought the regular and didn't seem to need a petite. it's a slimming dress that's not overly tight too. i also really like the mock neck and don't find it constricting at all as the material has a bit of stretch. the short sleeves will be nice when it's sp	Dresses
I've worn this dress to work with a black corset belt and to disneyland as is. it's made of a medium weight knit that doesn't cling. the cut is flattering. i wish they had an option with no slits. though this alternate cut would be significantly less comfortable, it would create a sexier silhouette. i purchased this item on sale.i'm a little worried that it'll shrink in the wash. i've had varied luck with fabric containing modal.	Dresses
This top is amazing! i originally ordered it in small, which fit, but opted for a large for the option of wearing it more off or the shoulder. the large fit perfect! great length for leggings and can wear both off the shoulder or just one... can't wait for fall! for reference, i'm 135 lbs, 34b.	Knits
I discovered this top folded on a shelf and loved the material and this brand so i decided to try it on... even though it's super hot right now in ar. i'm so glad i did and ended up finding the other color and buying both. i am 5'9", 127#, 34b and long waisted. it is difficult to tell in the pictures how this top fits around the waist... it is snug fitting but the material is thicker so i feel like it's very flattering. i tried it on as a boat neck look, then saw online it was off the shoulder a	Knits
I like this blouse very much but my work is extremely conservative so i chose to return it. it really pops, even though it is just black and white. it has some sparkles in it.	Knits
What a perfect dress! it was perfect for a black tie optional wedding. i didn't want another "black dress" but when i saw this i knew it was something special! i am 5'5 130lbs and 34dd- the size 8 fit my top better but the size 6 length was better but i decided to stay with the size 8	Dresses
I love the way this top fits! i am busty on top and smaller on bottom, and it really flatters. it's funny to see it called "off the shoulder" b/c so far i have worn it on the shoulders. when worn on the shoulders, the neck is very flattering, kind of like a cowl neck. i probably would not wear it off the shoulder b/c of the whole bra strap challenge. i got the charcoal color which looks great with jeans or black leggings.	Knits
I'm 5'7" 155lbs and ordered a large. it fit, but the arms were awkwardly short. the finish details on the end of each sleeve almost would have to be pushed back to the elbow for it to look right, which would be okay. however, the interior seam of the neckline is cut jaggedly and isn't even finished with any stitching. it's just tucked haphazardly inside the neckline and isn't sewn--it would unravel with washing. it's soft and snuggly and cute if you get it on super-sale and don't mind it com	Knits
Other reviewers have pointed out that these tops (i have both colors now, spoilers!) run long- and i am happy to agree. basically, there's a lot to work with here. i'm always looking for longer tops to traverse a larger bust, and this is a great hip-hitting length for me. plus, the neckline can be style multiple ways. all in all, a flattering better-than-basic sweater.	Knits
This top is very gorgeous and chic. it is very tight at the bottom, but i feel like it will stretch a little over time, it is also very long which i love, because it can be rouched up to a great length if you are curvy. both colors are great, i bought both and love both. the sizing was correct, if you want it to fit like it does on the model shot. if you want it a little more fitted, size down, but it may be very tight on the bottom. all in all i love them and they are definitely a great find fo	Knits
What a great fit! it is casual, but can be dressed up. i could have done the extra small, but the small isn't too big and is still flattering.	Dresses
I wanted to love this sweater but the fit is off slightly. i ordered my regular size xs and the chest/shoulder area fits nice but the waist comes very tight and not flattering to wear unless style similar to the model with a tucked in look. nice color and decent quality fabric but not my favorite fit. going back to the store.	Knits
This dress! the picture doesn't do the dress justice. its so beautiful, well made, and unique. lots of beading and detailing for the price. i'm super happy with my purchase !	Dresses
This looks great on the model and is probably beat suited for someone that is tall and thin with small hips.	Dresses
I was excited to receive this top because i love the design, but was very disappointed when it arrived. i thought the embroidery would be striking but it's not. the material is a t-shirt knit which also added to the disappointment. it was not flattering at all.	Knits
I love this style. reminds me of what we used to wear back in the 70's. it's very cute, flattering, and material is a high quality. will look good with skinny or boot cut jeans. if you like this "baby doll" style, you'll love this.	Knits
For the last few seasons,bordeaux releases this top in different materials and a slight variation, but same off-the-shoulder theme (the winter merino wool version was always sold out as soon as it hit the store). this is my third top in this version. it is very flattering but it must be styled right, which an retailer stylist taught me. it must be turned to the side a bit in order to fit correctly (but not necessarily have to be pulled off-the-shoulder). the bottom hem has to be placed at the uppe	Knits
It was hard for me to rate how this was sized-it is tight through the bust, very baggy and boxy through the body, and short. looked gorgeous on the hanger though!	Knits
Fell in love with the dress at the first sign. yes, have to confess that i always love white dresses- but this dress is not only beautiful on the picture, but also very pretty to put on. material is natural, gentle on my skin; style is simple, romantic, and it goes well with almost everything to dress up or dress down... very comfortable to wear, good for a long moon-light beach walk.size runs large, have to get petite xxs, and it fits perfectly (normally i go with petite 2 for a fitted dress)	Dresses
This dress is lovely and has a comfy fit. the green color is gorgeous. i felt the sizing was large and sent it back.	Dresses
So much odd stuff going on here with the cut/fit. the top is sort of tight in the bust, even with a small chest. the sleeves are dolman-style and are billowy at the top, but then tight on even my skinny arms. the slip plus the dress itself took me a good 5 minutes to figure out how to put on...just too much effort. it is otherwise a beautiful pattern, color, and length. just a miss for me personally in the fit department. bummer!	Dresses
With all the white dresses to choose from this year, this was the one i settled on. it is comfortable, the quality is good, especially in the edge detail, it's machine washable (which is a must for me and white), and it is easy to dress up or down. i am 5'7", 125lbs and found my usual size small to fit tts - it is loose fit like the model shot. easy throw on and go dress with cute details to boot :)	Dresses
I i hesitate to say that i don't recommend this dress,it really is so pretty,but a different fabric might have worked better. more importantly,the cut is not right,for me anyway. the neckline is a little high and the dress starts to flare out from the lower end of your boobs and continues all the way down giving a very wide lower half,way too much fabric at the bottom....looks like a triangle . if they' done a scoop neck and a shift style it would have been perfection	Dresses
I bought this dress to use for maternity photos and it is perfect! i love the flow of the skirt and the elastic waistband worked perfect. i was able to fit in a size 2 (normally a size 0) so i hope to be able to wear it after pregnancy as well. i was worried about the bust area being too small, and while it's a tight fit for me currently it still worked.	Dresses
I'm not sure i understand the negative reviews either. the fit for me was perfect and i saw another lady try it on with a very different body type from mine and it looked great on her. the colors are gorgeous and i am in love with the fact that it has sleeves. maybe i am of an age where i don't always want my arms showing but it is so refreshing to have some choices in retailer of dresses with sleeves. i also appreciate that the slip underneath is a great stretchy material and not the stiff polyes	Dresses
I ordered the dress online and found it to be not as pictured. the length hit several inches above the knee. the sleeves are also 3/4 length rather than full length as pictured. i found the cut to be much less fitted through the torso as well. i tried both the small and xsmall, which are my usual sizes. the small was very loose through the torso, the xsmall was better, but looked overall too short, as if it were a petite cut. i am 5'9", however the model is supposed to be 5'10".	Dresses
Gorgeous blush color, soft flowing material made for a perfect outdoor summer wedding guest dress. the elastic around the waist could have been slightly tighter as the dress is a bit weighted but not loose enough to deter my purchase. i'm curvy and this dress was very flattering. i'm on the shorter side and didn't buy the petite (it wasn't available in store and i bought this the day before the wedding); i had to pick up the dress to walk up steps but was fine otherwise in 2 inch heels. i receiv	Dresses
I ordered this dress on a whim because i love the classic look, it has long sleeves, and the color is beautiful. i can't tell if there is sparkle in person, it looks like it on pictures, or holes... but regardless, love it. i tried on both xxs p and xs p and found the xs p was more comfortable for me, for those who find clothing at retailer is being made bigger, this is more a "classic" size, as in what i would have ordered in the past (this summer, i had to go down in size a lot). the fabric is c	Dresses
Soft and feminine, pretty pastel colors, very romantic. the fit is flattering and feminine, the fabric is light, the lining is soft. color is pale and i may need a little brighter colors, but i might let that pass... i am on the fence only based on color, otherwise, gorgeous dress. the 0 fit me well, but the back touched the ground, so i would probably order petite (front is higher, so no issue there). 30 dd, 26.5 in waist, 115 lbs for reference with 0	Dresses
Nice light weight fabric, drapes well. awesome detailing. have worn twice already with lots of compliments.	Dresses
I ordered this top in small petite but wished i had exchanged it for an xsp because it's wide in the arm holes. but i love it nonetheless and wear it with a cami underneath. i love that while it's sleeveless, the straps are wide. this type of wide top is not for well endowed women up top. i don't have that problem so it looks really cute. i also love the length. a lot of tops tend to be really long and for a petite person, shorter tops look best.	Knits
I don't understand the negative reviews on this dress. i absolutely love the fit, may be the prior reviewer was trying a size on that was too large? yes, the fabric and the snaps are very delicate so you have to be careful putting it on and off, but the fit is very flattering on most people. i saw three different people trying it on in the fitting room today so i decided to try it on myself and had to have it! the colors are beautiful and the uneven hem makes it more fun and young. i will wear i	Dresses
This dress is great! it's easy to dress up or down and is comfy!	Dresses
Loved this dress. it does run a little long even with 3" high heels. i am5 '3", and probably would have beenbetter with a petite size. often i do not like the proportions with petite so i ordered the regular size. i feel very feminine in this dress and love the opening at the side. i can walk in it if i hold the skirt up in front a tiny bit. not sure if i will hem it. the print is pretty; however, busy. i will keep this dress as it does make one look slim and romantic. i added an black belt, w	Dresses
This dress is beautiful on! it is flowy and loose but is cut well so it avoids looking like a tent. white dresses with lace can run the risk of being a bit fussy-- the lace at the bottom is a beautiful detail without being too precious and the handkerchief bottom keeps it interesting. can be styled so many ways-- looks great with a cropped denim jacket, belted, or loose with a long necklace. also tried with a sleeveless long sweater vest and it was adorable. the dress is fully lined and feels su	Dresses
I've been looking for a nice summer maxi dress and after reading some positive reviews, i decided to get the dress. the fabric is soft and has a nice flow to it. however, i had to return the dress because the cuff of the sleeve was too tight on my forearm, which make it impossible for me to raise my arms.i ordered size petite xxs	Dresses
Love everything about this dress except for the elastic waistband. it's a dressier style, and the elastic cheapens the look--definitely needs a ribbon or belt to cover. otherwise the cut and fit is very flattering, the fabric is nice, and the floral pattern is lovely. i found the dress tts (size 4r and i'm 5'4", 120 lbs).	Dresses
I loved the print and fabric of this dress when i first saw it, but trying it on was a very different story! the photo seems to show a wider, more well-defined waist, with just a small amount of "blousing" on top, but this was not the case. yes, the waist fit, but it is a narrow band that was covered completely by the hanging over of the ill-fitting top, turning the entire look into a shapeless and very unattractive fit. sadly, this is going right back!	Dresses
I bought this dress last week for a wedding next summer. it did not appeal to me on the hanger, but once i tried it on, i was so impressed. the green color is lovely and it is lightweight and airy, and it does have a lining which is a plus. i love the little ruffle sleeves and the tie in the back is perfect. there have been comments about the hemline being awkward but the length on me was perfect and has just the right amount of flounce to be feminine. i can't wait to wear this dress! (i am 5'6"	Dresses
I saw this dress but was hesitant to purchase it online because of the reviews. i went to the absolutely fabulous new walnut creek store and though it wasn't on the floor they found one in my size in the storeroom.i tried it on and was immediately enthralled. i am 5'10 and the dress flowed like a dream. i will be wearing it for my anniversary celebration with pearls and victorian earrings. i can't wait. it is lovely. you may need to be a little taller than average to wear this but it is wonder	Dresses
I must disagree with some of the other reviews! when i first saw this dress online, i loved it and couldn't wait to try it on. i didn't order it online because i read some of the other reviews and so i wanted to try it on in the store before i bought it because i was nervous the fit wasn't going to be good. they were so wrong! maybe it just takes a certain body type. i have an hourglass figure, and i'm 5'8" tall, i tried on a size 10, and it fit beautifully! the waist is very form fitting, and t	Dresses
I love the pattern and style of the dress, but unfortunately, it's doesn't fit quite right. the top is too loose (the clip doesn't work well) and the waist line of the dress sit above the waist. and the sleeves are tight (which is shocking to me because i have skinny arms).	Dresses
The dress is absolutely beautiful. the fabric is light, the pattern is not overwhelming and has a zipper on the side to make it more fitted in the waist. the top is blousy, but i am only a c cup and it still was perfect. the bottom has an uneven cut that makes the dress very interesting. i love it. i am usually a size 2 or 4 and the size 4 was perfect.	Dresses
Once i tried this dress on i understood why the pricepoint was so high! it's very thick ( but not uncomfortable) and very well made. love the color and style of this dress, but as others have said, the model picture is deceiving. try it on in store to see if you like it for yourself! i'm curvy on top and bottom with broad shoulders and personally it was a no for me, i found other dresses that i loved more, this one was pretty but wasn't a hit for me.	Dresses
Love the colors and top part but it runs extremely large and there is way too much fabric it is almost like a moo moo. had to return	Dresses
The dress is not like pictured. it is above the knee and sleeves are neither 3/4 nor full length-somewhere in between. i am 5'4, 112 lbs, bought xs regular. had higher expectations for the price. going back to the store.	Dresses
This dress is amazing! i have to say when i picked it up to try it on i thought it would just be an ok dress but i thought might as well try it on. to my surprise it was more than perfect! the waste cinches in when it is zip it up and the blousing in the chest fits lovely.	Dresses
I had been eying this dress online for a while and when it finally came into stores i was so excited! this dress is so gorgeous and very flattering on my body. i love the bottom of it, it is more of a u cut in the front and square in the back. add an ada wrap belt and perfection!	Dresses
I bought the xs and the fit was good. i'll probably add a snap at the bust area because the slip underneath does show like a camisole, which is fine, but i prefer it closed. also i'll add a belt to cinch my waist, booties and maybe a hat.	Dresses
I love the material & flow of the bottom half of this dress, it fits like a charm. for reference i am a 34-29-38/39, the size 6 was spot on. that being said, i was a little disappointed by the top portion of the dress; the dolman sleeve seems odd & the faux wrap is gaping & doesn't seem to clip in the right spot, sloppy, not like on the model. the dress would be perfect as a full sleeve & a little snugger of a wrap. i could alter the top, but the material just wouldn't lay right to the waist.	Dresses
I love this dress but i will return it because the sleeves are too tight. i have never had this problem before. i ordered a petite 0 and petite 2. for reference i am 5' 4" tall and 117 lbs. the length is perfect and i really like the style. if the sleeves had not been so tight i would have kept the petite 0. the petite 2 sleeves were no looser. sorry that this did not work for me.	Dresses
I love this dress! it is so comfortable. the material feels nice and the print is beautiful. the only reason i didn't give this a 5 overall rating is because this fits a little big. i bought a petite medium and the elastic around the top is not as tight as i'd like. it still fits and stays on but it would feel a little better if it was a little more snug at the top. i love this dress because it is casual enough to walk around in but still feels somewhat dressy. i will probably take this dress wi	Dresses
Being 5 ft, long/maxi dresses are usually not what i buy, but i tried this dress on and it was the perfect length for me. i wear size 2 or 4 and i tried on both sizes in store. the 4 i tried on had a shorter length for some reason than the 2 (maybe it was a petite and was mislabeled?). i ended up getting the 4 and i love the dress!	Dresses
Gorgeous dress! love that it's flowy, soft, and fits very well. it does run a size smaller. i usually wear a 4 and went with a 2p one this one. the sleeves are a bit tighter on the petite than the regular in the same size.	Dresses
Living in a warm climate, i'm always on the hunt for great spring/summer dresses that can be worn to work, dinner, or just general out and about.this dress is a great length with the varied hemline that gives you enough length for work or dinner. it's also great for a summer cocktail party or afternoon out shopping. i'm a traditional hourglass figure, larger on top and bottom with a small waist, dress size 6 or 8 depending on the top. i roared this in a medium and it's perfectly comfy and hang	Dresses
I tried this dress on on a whim and will definitely be getting it! the fit was perfect as it is not to structured so its really a more relaxed piece even though it doesnt look it... but the way you feel when you wear it is just magical!! i love this dress!!!	Dresses
Everything about this dress is beautiful except for the hemline. the color is beautiful; the old-fashioned, wispy femininity is beautiful. the dress probably could use something better at the waistline besides elastic, maybe ribbons to tie, but the hemline is what kills it. it is half a normal-length dress (in the front) and half maxi dress (in the back). the designer should have chosen one or the other, not both, and it would have been much better. for the category of aesthetic/design, i would	Dresses
I like this top very much. i love the color and the embroidery makes it very dressy. it fits right for me however the picture doesn't show it well but there's a bit too much fabric on the sides.	Knits
Soft florals on light as air chiffon layers--what's not to like on this romantic dress? i appreciate the elastic waist and the tie at the back of the neck, as it gives me flexibility during my weight fluctuations. my only regret is that i'm too darn short for regular length and will have to wear platforms since the back of the hem drags on my 5'3" self. purchased the size 8 and i am 140# 36dd.	Dresses
Charming dress! fit perfectly with great movement through back and chest area. flattering length(s) with just the right amount of fabric. inside dress sheath or slip dress. zips to waist for fit. i am smitten with the dress - just love it!	Dresses
This is the perfect dress! for it being a long maxi, it's surprisingly lightweight. the built in slip it covers everywhere you need it to without detracting from the overall look of the dress. i absolutely love it and wish it came in other colors/patterns.	Dresses
Unfortunately, this dress did not work for me like the other reviews. i am 5'8, 130lbs, and the dress looked like a tent on me (size s). there was just way too much material at the bottom. also, while the dress is lined, both layers are quite thin- not see through, but i would not call them substantial either. for the cost of the dress and the material, it wasn't worth paying more to have it tailored to fit better.	Dresses
The model looks awesome in this cute top, but on me it looked boxy but was too tight around the chest and was too short (for reference, i'm 5'7," 140 lbs., and 34c). the front is non-stretchy eyelet lace cotton fabric, yet the back is stretchy. in theory, it's pretty, but in reality it doesn't work - at least for me. i think it might work for someone petite with a smaller chest.	Knits
I love this dress so much. absolutely beautiful true to the size. since i start wearing it i got so many good compliment. the flowers is very spring and summary. very sexy to the bottom....	Dresses
I'm 5'4'', between sizes 12 and 14. i ordered a size petite large, and it's a bit loose, which is acceptable, but i'd like to try a regular size medium to see if it'd be more fitted like i see in the model.my problem is with the length. i read the description and it says petite = 40.5'' of length. the large petite i ordered is above my knees, this is not 40'' of length by any means, it's 36.5''.i'd really appreciate if the size info was correctly available.	Dresses
I... love... this dress. the fit is incredibly flattering (and i'm currently carrying more weight than my normal size). i selected a 6, which is about a size larger than normal, and it was a perfect fit. i tried on a larger size for measure, and the 6 provided a (perfect) fit and flare. i've worn the dress on three occasions, already, and each time friends remarked on their admiration for the dress, itself and flattering style for me, i have no issues, at all, with the cut, and to me, the bias a	Dresses
I originally purchased this dress in a petite 6. i am 5'3", 125lbs with a 36" bust. the petite 6 was a bit too tight so i returned it and went up to a size 8. so happy i did! this dress drapes and flows beautifully and i find it immensely flattering to my hourglass figure. i also adore the floral print! one reviewer objected to the way the bodice drapes and the very small hook closure which seemed insufficient. i did not object to this characteristic. it fit me beautifully throughout the bodice/	Dresses
I was very excited to find a fun and lightweight white dress for spring/summer. for the past two years i have found two of my favorite white dresses. the material that this dress is made out of did not look high quality at all. the fit looked more like that of an old nightgown. this dress has no shape to it, although probably comfortable, not flattering. i had high hopes for this dress and wish that it looked like it does in the picture, in person.	Dresses
This dress is very flattering, comfortable and made me feel pretty!	Dresses
I love this dress but it definitely runs big. i bought a size small and i'm between a 4 and a 6 and will have to return for an xs. the top feels like it will fall down and i'm a size 34c	Dresses
Love the look! it's a little tight but i still like it.	Knits
I love the detail on this shirt! it is sheer, but looks great with a cami. great unique piece .	Knits
The front and back materials differ. the back of the shirt is soft and thin. the front embroidery is stiff but i imagine it will soften after a wash. pretty shirt though.	Knits
On the hanger, this looks like a great dress .. especially to wear to a hawaii wedding. on me, not quite. the bell shape of this dress made it appear that i was carrying extra weight in the middle ... and the shorter length accentuated my big calves. for reference, i tried a 00p and i'm 5'1", 102#, and 34a.	Dresses
I wanted to love this top but found it to run small and was too sheer for my taste. it is a beautiful top though, but you will need a cami with it.	Knits
The only reason i gave this top a 4 star, is that it didn't have enough room around the bust area. i'm a d cup, and the front didn't button properly. but for the price i paid (40% off sale price), i have no coplaints.i would recommend.	Knits
I'm undecided about this shirt. this design is absolutely beautiful. but the shirt is very very sheer and the front comes down so low in a curved hem line. so, when you wear the necessary base layer, the shirt extends several inches beyond that and it looks kind of odd. i really wish tiny would make some beautiful shirts like this that aren't sheer and have a shorter front. i purchased my regular size and it fits a little smaller than other tiny shirts i have purchased. since the shirt is so bea	Knits
This top is similar to other tiny tops that i have ordered in the past...beautiful embroidery, great neutral and metallic color pallet that goes with everything, and light weight. the top does run small, so i needed the large size to accommodate my 38in bust plus a thin cami (shirt is see through). the large fit similarly to the fit on the model.	Knits
Before i ordered this i noted the other reviews that said it was sheer but thought i would just wear a layer underneath. unfortunately it was one of the sheerest fabrics i've ever seen. would love it if it could have been a more substantial fabric. to me it wasn't worth the money even on sale.	Knits
Absolutely love this shirt - the embroidery on the front is beautiful. gold and silver metallic thread with good quality. very slim fit through the torso with loose sleeves. the only downside is the cream material is very sheer - definitely have to wear a tank underneath.	Knits
What drew me to this shirt was the beautiful silver and gold embroidery on the front. the shirt was folded at the store, which makes sense because if it were hung it up, fewer people would try it on. this shirt is sheer from the front and more sheer in the back. this is what bugs me about so many "clothes" that are made these days: they are so cheaply made, so thin with cloth, that you are forced to layer with a camisole or something else in order to wear it in public. i can't wear sheer clothes	Knits
This shirt is stunning- definitely a shirt for special occasions. it's more than i would normally pay for a top, but it is a really special piece of clothing. the fit is slim- i'm 5'6" and 118 pounds. i typically wear an xxs or xs in retailer clothes. the xxs is just right. it is quite sheer, so i imagine i will wear a nude tank top underneath.	Knits
This top looks fantastic on. definitly great when you want to look a little more dressed up! the fabric is a bit sheer so i will wear a nude camisole underneath. the design has the perfect amount of shimmer to make it dressy. it is so silky and feels great on! the neckline has the perfect plunge too.	Knits
After reading the other reviews, i felt compelled to write one for this top. it is not often that i get to shop at an retailer store, but a few weeks ago, i had the pleasure. i saw this top, and while it was not on sale, i had to have it. yes, it is sheer and so you do need a camisole under it. the gold and silver embroidery is gorgeous. to be honest, this is my favorite top in my closet right now. i can dress it up or make it more casual. and, now that it's on sale, don't hesitate in this purchas	Knits
Overall, i was pleased with this dress. i didn't love how the front wrap transitioned to the back. it is comfortable and versatile... it can be dressed up or down.	Dresses
The online pictures do not do this dress justice. the materials between the top and skirt are different with the black part being a soft, sweater feel and the bottom part being an appropriately thick knit feel. the contract is stunning and is largely washed out in the online pictures. this is not the kind of dress you see on a rack and think "oh my gosh, that's the one!" but if you try it on, you will have this moment. it is comfortable, flattering, and slimming-a prefect everyday dress.	Dresses
Lots of seam and stitching details make this even cuter than the picture's initial impression. fabric drapes nicely. the sleeves are a little tight if wearing something long-sleeved underneath. overall very unique!	Knits
I'm 5'6" and it hits me at mid-thigh. the top (black/camel version) is sheer enough to need a cami. the waist is quite high. not flattering for me--the empire waist makes me look a bit pregnant--plus i don't want to deal with having to wear a cami.	Dresses
This dress is so cute in the photo and fit true to size, but the material is slinky and felt cheap. the stitching was also poor quality. i am so thankful that retailer will let us order a batch, try on and return in store...this went back.	Dresses
I tried on this dress in the store and was pleasantly surprised with the fit and the look. it looks way better in person than in the pictures. the picture really doesn't do it justice. i consider myself a "slight" hour glass figured girl and this dress at the top hit me just right so that the crosswrap looks like it was made for my body and the peephole/keyhole in the front (you can hardly see on the model photo) is visible. i'm so happy with this dress!!! i feel like i could wear it at work/chu	Dresses
Don't know why but i didn't have high expectations for this dress. turns out it's uber flattering! makes my waist look tiny, accentuated bust. perfect for those of us with straight figures looking for a little more curves. bottom half of dress has heavy silky linking. top half unlined and a bit thin. color is almost pearl -- very very light gray. i'm between xs/s (33b-26-36, 5'8" 120lb) and went with a small. hits an inch above knees. sleeves slightly loose through upper arm which is always bett	Dresses
Love this dress, very flattering fit and the fabric does not feel heavy but is sturdy - i wore it for first dinner out with my husband after losing most of my baby weight and felt great and confident in it.	Dresses
Love this cardigan as a wardrobe staple to quickly throw on, especially over dresses (but also anything). it drapes beautifully, and i love the button closure detail. it is definitely a thin, soft, light-weight knit, but i think that makes it practical for year-round use, much like other items by bordeaux.	Knits
As per usual bordeaux is perfect with this cardigan. very soft, washes well. love it.	Knits
I love this jacket so much, i bought two. it goes with almost everything and is a nice weight for almost any weather. i recommend you grab it while it's on sale.	Knits
This tee is amazing. it's light weight and perfect for the summer heat. the detail of the cross and tie back is perfect to elevate the style. this is going to be a solid staple in my tee collection. i wish it came in other colors because i would buy them all.	Knits
I really wanted to like this dress and was encouraged by the positive reviews. the dress itself was very comfortable but was very unflattering. the top fabric hit my ribs funny and made me look really wide.	Dresses
I like the contrast of the skirt with the bodice, the length of the sleeves, adn the subtle cut out at the neck. the cut is very flattering, adn i am glad the daker color is at the top, hte bottome color would wash me out. i tried on the regular size nad i would not get a peitte in this as the size was the perfect length for me. petite would be too short for my liking. (regular hit just above the knee)	Dresses
I recently purchased this dress at my local retailer when it was 40 percent on sale. i was overwhelmed with how much i liked it. it's comfortable, elegant and very chic. i will make this my go-to dress from now on.	Dresses
I am 5' 2" about 118 lbs. thought this fit really well. very comfortable material. i wish the skirt was a different color-feels a little bland.	Dresses
This is a very cute dress that i did not keep. mainly because i did not like the neckline on me. if it had been different i probably would have kept it. i liked the fabric, the top is a little thin, but i did not think it was sheer. the bottom part is sheer, but there is a lining. it drapes beautifully. it is a little like a maternity dress, but not enough to dissuade me.	Dresses
I have been on a search for a dress with sleeves that cute enough for date night. as a bigger girl than most retailer reviewers, i was happy to find this covered my ample chest and between the crosswrap and a little flare in the skirt it camoflauges my belly. it is a sweater dress, which is not easily noticable in the web photos, and can certainly be dressed up for a dinner or for the office.	Dresses
This is my new favorite sweater. it is lightweight and drapey. very flattering. can be dressy or casual.	Knits
This is my new favorite dress! my only complaint is the slip is too small and the dress cannot be worn without it. i can't order a size up as the dress would then be huge. not sure what the solution is but the dress itself is stunning.	Dresses
I purchased this for a very good price and i typically love maeve... should have been a win-win. the fabric is thin and slinky in the most unfortunate way. it made finding appropriate undergarments very difficult. i had to add a slip (that helped) and figured that since i'm losing weight, it would look better when i'm down a few more pounds. that being said, i didn't find it to be figure flattering. i have a tummy and there was at least one photo from the bridal shower i wore this to, where i lo	Dresses
I wore this dress to work the other day and got so many compliments on the fit and the design - the wrap on the top. i got it in grey and it's a beautiful color for winter. the dress is very comfortable to wear.	Dresses
I bought this dress for work and post work happy hours. love it! it's material is high quality and is flattering since it falls nicely on my postpartum figure. it's a little shorter than i thought but still appropriate for work.	Dresses
This dress has a great design and fits very well and looks great. although the material is not cheap it is very warm and doesn't breath very well which is good in the winter. the only complaint i have is there was a small snag in it, but i was able to fix it my self.	Dresses
I worry when i have an elastic waist, or something that resembles this, but the dress hangs like a dream.no puffing out, no gathers that you can see.it is not sheath, but not a line either, kind of in between, hits several inches above my knees, but perfect with some black tights for winter. i saw the note about grey, have to try it on agin in daylight, but i would say think black on the top, light camel color on the bottomi am 5'8, typically wear a size 12, and it was true to size for methe	Dresses
I saw the shirt on the retailer website and new i had to have it. when it arrived, it was perfectly draped, light and airy, and incredibly soft and comfortable. it's perfect to throw on with yoga pants for errands or dress up a bit a casual night out with friends. would buy this again in several different colors if they were offered. 9/10.	Knits
Great quality and extremely flattering. bonus that it is on sale. i felt like this dress was a godsend. i am five months pregnant and needed a dress that made me feel comfortable but not frumpy. i think i'll get a lot of mileage out of it, as there's enough stretch to get me through the next few months and then (hopefully!) i can wear it after too. also can be dressed up or down, so appropriate for many occasions. i believe it runs true to size (i sized up, from xs to s, for obvious reasons, but	Dresses
Yes, this is a great dress! i wasn't sure about it online because of the color combination. i think i would have preferred the gray color but it was sold out. it received very good reviews online so i thought it was worth the risk at the sale price. i am always on the hunt for great dresses at great prices (who isn't?!). once i received it and tried it on, oh wow! i love it. it is so flattering. it is a very pretty dress. i think i will wear this all the time. i am actually thinking of all the d	Dresses
Cute dress but not for me. the waist is too high and the sleeves are tight. maybe on a different body type this dress would be perfect. i returned it.	Dresses
I'm so impressed with the beautiful color combinations and embroidery but disappointed in the rayon fabric used, especially at this price point. the sleeveless sheer blue outer dress is a flowy swing silhouette that retains many wrinkles. i have thick shoulders and upper arms, so the armholes cut into my armpits. the silky rayon liner is a blush rose color with adjustable spaghetti straps. the slip has no stretch and feels a bit tight on my chest. i ordered size medium petite and my stats a	Dresses
I was surprised at the positive reviews for this product. its terrible! it cuts you in a weird place to make you look wide. the skirt is also not like the picture. its darker and heavier. the material isnt great. i had to return.	Dresses
I was very happy to snag this dress at such a great price! it's very easy to slip on and has a very flattering cut and color combo.	Dresses
It reminds me of maternity clothes. soft, stretchy, shiny material. cut is flattering and drapes nicely. i only found one button to close front... looked awkward. nice long sleeves.not for me but maybe for others. just ok.	Knits
This fit well, but the top was very see through. this never would have worked for me. i'm glad i was able to try it on in the store and didn't order it online. with different fabric, it would have been great.	Dresses
I bought this dress for a wedding i have this summer, and it's so cute. unfortunately the fit isn't perfect. the medium fits my waist perfectly, but was way too long and too big in the bust and shoulders. if i wanted to spend the money, i could get it tailored, but i just felt like it might not be worth it. side note - this dress was delivered to me with a nordstrom tag on it and i found it much cheaper there after looking!	Dresses
This dress in a lovely platinum is feminine and fits perfectly, easy to wear and comfy, too! highly recommend!	Dresses
