Sadly, this dress was trashed after wearing it for an hour. it snagged on everything -- my watch, my purse, my necklace. i had to go home, change, and return the dress later. impractical fabric ruined an otherwise lovely dress.	Dresses
The tee looks longer on the model. i am 5 feet 9 and this tee is showing of my belly which surprise me a bit. i thought it would hit the waist line. still, very nice tee, i love cotton, it simply is the best. colors are nice too.	Knits
This shirt is really cute and runs large. i am a true s and this shirt came as big as what i would call an l.i get that its a boyfriend t-shirt feel but it was still surprising. if you're an s i suggest xxs and so forth.the color is yellow but not as yellow as the picture shows.	Knits
This dress was a gamble for a nautical them wedding next year. could not be happier. fabric was surprisingly stretchy which made it move like butter. the dress was stunning on and very comfortable which cannot be said for many gowns. i am so glad i took the gamble.	Dresses
This is a cute dress, but not for me. 1. i think it runs very small, 2. it is super textured so if you don't want to add bulk (aka pounds) to your frame, this probably isn't for you. it's too bad it's online only because i would have benefitted from trying this on first. i'm sure it's probably adorable on smaller, thinner people. unfortunately, mine is going back.	Dresses
I ordered this on sale, after reading the review, but i was disappointed when i tried it on. the color is darker in person, which is better for me, but it looked dull on my skin tone (pale). also, teh sleeves poofed in a weird way on the top where the seam meets the neck. the overall cut is almost flattering, a little long still for me in petite, i felt like i was trying on a regular size. so not for me. for reference, i ordered the 0p (or xsp, not sure right now). i am 115 lbs, 30dd chest, 26.5	Dresses
Size 8 always, 36c and i have broad shoulders...i found this true to size. the colors pop more and there is a cleavage alert, just letting you girls know. this is very figure flattering, especially with my body frame, it accentuates the right spots.	Dresses
This dress is so lovely in person, with more muted colors than pictured which will transition nicely into fall. the overall cut of the dress is really flattering, especially for hourglass/ pear figures. sadly, i had to return the dress because the arms were insanely small. i after putting the dress on, i was worried i wouldn't be able to actually get it off. if you have teeny, tiny arms...you'll probably be okay with your regular size. if you have any kind of muscle (or squish :)), size up.	Dresses
I thought that this dress would be perfect for my 60th birthday, however i was disappointed when i received it. it is extremely heavy from the beading and i just did not find it pretty in person. it did nothing for me. also, it runs small and was tight.	Dresses
Looks cute on! not super form fitting... more of a flow fit. love the detailed stitching! so cute! floral pattern is fun not too busy! i loved the pockets... there is a bit of extra material but if you expect a flowy fit it's still totally lovely! i was worried about tightness in the arms but not a problem at all!!! i love this dress! lining makes it feel really well made!	Dresses
Gorgeous dress and very flattering but it does run quite small in the bust (i'm 32 dd) and even the shoulder area (i rarely have problems there). i also find the side zipper a pain. sized up from a 2p to a 4p. the lace detail is especially beautiful and the color is more peachy than pink, the print quite saturated and not too pastel for early fall. i can see wearing it for 3 seasons, at least in ca.	Dresses
Very lovely print and fabric, there is more gray to the print's background than the photo shows. the shape is feminine and flattering, although the sleeves are more fitted on my arms. i bought this to wear to an early fall rehearsal dinner. very happy with the purchase!	Dresses
This dress was absolutely gorgeous and beautifully made. i ordered a size down as the other reviews stated the dress ran large. however it was massive. i wanted this dress so badly and mourn that i had to take it back to the store.	Dresses
The cut is too long and shapeless. if it was cropped, i would have kept it. the beads are delicate as another reviewer has said but i was prepared for that. too bad the fit just wasn't flattering. it's going back.	Knits
I ordered:xspxxsxxspxxsp was the better fit, some people loved it some didn't like as much (thought it was baggy and are not used to seeing me in baggy clothing. but that being said, ti was comfortable, the cutouts fell right on spot on my shoulders, and it is a nice casual embellished look half tucked in some boyfriend jeans. i reordered mine as it had something stuck on it and it bothered me (like sticky white) i will re-evaluate when i get the new order only because there are sooo m	Knits
This dress came with two pieces, a black sheath slip and a sheer pattern top-piece (pictured). it's pull-on and comfortable and flows well. i ordered online but wish i could have selected the pattern, as the fabric differs a little from front to back both in the pattern and intensity of color. overall though, a comfortable, light summer dress.	Dresses
This was a near miss for me. i love the concept of the asymmetrical shoulder cutouts and the contrast of the beadwork to the simple gray crewneck, however, with some of the beads bulging out about 1/4 inch from the shirt, i have to say it almost bordered on gawdy christmas sweater status... but still cool. i actually thought this piece felt fairly sturdy and well-made, but the thing that got me and led me to return it was that even in an xs it was indeed cut wide. if it were a little shorter it	Knits
Customers beware, there is no lining on this dress. i love the pattern however it would be a nightmare trying to find a slip to match the dress! i ordered it on line but i'll take it back to the shop.	Dresses
Great fit, very soft fabric, and the sleeves are long enough!! great length in the body too.	Knits
I saw this duster and immediately ordered it in cream. i have worn it every chance i get. it goes well with dresses as well as shorts or jeans. the length is perfect, the design is flattering, and the material is soft and comfortable. the sleeves are snug- but i like this feature, especially for light weight summer use over a tank top or sleeveless blouse. this will be a go to item. thanks retailer- another gem!	Knits
I am normally a straightforward 10 - since i saw the other review i ordered down to an 8 - i am still swimming in it.i would say i have about 4 inches of extra fabric in the waist/hips. this is sized way too large. i love the softness of the checkers but i suspect this could get itchy fast on the arms where it touches the wool - but i won't find out cause i'm returning it?on the bright side i might fit a 6 which would be pretty nice.	Dresses
Love this!!! 115 lbs thin arms, the xs fits perfect. it's very flattering and has a boho vibe bc of its length. the arms are a little snug but in a very flattering way. haven't worn it enough yet to experience any pilling, but crossing my fingers. the cream is a really pretty pale oatmeal color imo. the grey is a black/grey speckled look.	Knits
I ordered the cream colored duster after purchasing the grey one in store. i loved the grey one so much i had to get the other color. i love the length of the item. i am 5'9" and don't feel like it is too short for me to get the look. it is light weight so i did not get too warm in it and will be able to wear it much of the year. i did wear it open as i feel that it runs a tad tight on the arms and torso when buttoned. however, i prefer the look of it worn open so that was not a problem for me.	Knits
I wore this for the first time today and got so many compliments! i'm a personal stylist and went to an event for the company i work for..which means i was in a room filled with stylish people, and i got nothing but compliments about my top. it is so comfy and i did worry at first about the beading and if it was too fragile, but it was fine. i sized down for this top but can't wait to wear it all fall and winter!	Knits
I absolutely love this dress... tried it on one size down from my usual...it fit but my size would be perfect and 8 and 10 are out of stock. it's stunning and i love it... i badly have to have it... please bring it back retailer:)	Dresses
Great dress. fitted but flowing. i like the colors and think it will easily grams iron to fall. i am 5 ft 32 d 27 waist.	Dresses
This is a gorgeous sweater with a great proportion in terms of length and fit. i am petite, so i worried that such a long sweater might look weird on me, but it actually makes me look slim and taller. i get so many compliments when i wear it. i ordered the xxs petite.	Knits
Bought this in cream in my usual xs/0, (5'7", 32b, 115lbs). it is a very flattering summer weight cardi which will work well with jeans and maxi dresses this summer. i would point out however that the sleeves are very snug - if you don't have thin arms then you may have to consider sizing up. i stuck with the xs even though i had to carefully pull the arms on because the s was just a little looser in the back. the sleeves are meant to be form fitting but i think they have been designed a little	Knits
I purchased the blue with white dots. the shape was awful, but looked like a sack - returned	Dresses
Tried this on in the red because the pattern is so eye catching and beautiful. i couldn't get it off fast enough. picture this: tight in the best, tight in the hips, extra billowy in the middle. so confused and can't see how this would be flattering on anyone. unless you're planning to repurpose the gorgeous fabric, skip.	Dresses
This dress has so much potential but doesn't make it.i read all the reviews and very few were favorable and still took my chances. fabric color and textures is great but the design is really off.with the little folds on the shoulder and since the fabric is more on the thick side, all this make it to accumulate the "extra" weight on the front of the body and as result "not flattering" for the majority of ladies including meit is a shame since it has may great features, the style: flowy, low	Dresses
I was in love with the green print, so i ordered this despite the reviews. i wish i'd listened. the fit is incredibly weird--huge at the top but tapering in at the hips. so sad this didn't work.	Dresses
The colors of this dress really caught my eye. i was hesitant to try it in the store because they only had a size 4 and i'm normally a size 6. when i tried it on i was pleasantly surprised that the dress fit around my hips. success! but like the other women that commented, there was something funky going on in the midriff area. the dress didn't accentuate my curves. the stylist was available at the store i was at, so she recommended that i belt it to add that extra "umph". the belt definitely di	Dresses
Nice shirt seems well made. good just not a great fit for me.	Knits
The quality of the fabric is good, but the fit is horrible. unflattering and strange. definitely a pass.	Dresses
I loved the design and material of the test, but unfortunately it just did not fit me right. it was tight in the hips and did not have the relaxed look i was hoping for. also the pattern did not look good on me. unfortunately i had to return.	Dresses
I agree with the other reviewer that the green is brighter in person, which was a happy mishap. the 8p makes this look just like depicted on me in terms of proportion, so beware that this borders on too long for petites. my not small chest made me look pregnant, but it fit well regardless. adding a wide belt made this dress look amazing on me and shortens it to a more flattering length. this is a miracle as-is because i'm very short-waisted. keeper!	Dresses
I love the pattern (red motif) but the sizing of this dress is way off. the top fit fine but the hip area was so tight when standing with my legs hip-width apart. the only way it looked normal was if i stood with my feet together and thighs touching. i ordered my usual size 10 - for reference i am 5'9", 170# bra size 34f and 40-41" hips.	Dresses
I'm glad they put up some pix of non-models looking cute in this dress, as it's taken a beating in the reviews! i measure 34(a)-27-35 and have no problems with the size s fit at all. it's drapey but not voluminous, with no pulling at the hips. the "folded" detail up at the top does call attention to the shoulders, but not in a bad way. the pleated neckline is cute on a small chest, and the red pattern/palette is awesome. love the length too -- i am 5'4" & the size s hits me just above the knee.	Dresses
I bought this dress to wear to work in my second trimester. the shape is perfect to accommodate a baby bump while still flattering the top. definitely recommend for any pregnant women trying to avoid true maternity clothes!	Dresses
Quality was not what you expect from retailer, especially for the price. top is lined but skirt is not. material is tissue paper thin and see thru. there is a point at the bottom of the sweetheart neckline that does not lay flat, it keeps popping up. however the back is very cute and for that i wanted to love it but too many negatives. was returned.	Dresses
I read other reviews that there was extra fabric in the stomach area and knew it'd be perfect for me to wear to a wedding at 20 weeks pregnant. and it was! i got tons of compliments. it accented my baby bump perfectly, fitted but not too tight. the pleats at the top create a nice shape for the bump. very comfortable for an outdoor wedding. my only complaint is that the armholes are rather tight. after pregnancy i will try belting the dress.	Dresses
So after ordering this dress and trying it on myself i was able to make sense of the previous reviews. this dress is constructed very oddly. the top seems to have no room for any hips. it is a straight construct so if you are like me that has an hourglass shape but has a pair of hips i would size up. i bought this in a 6p and in all colors. first off the colors/ patterns are amazing in person very adorable. this fit my 34ddd bust without any problems and no problems in torso either. it was reall	Dresses
I found the dot print in the store and though the pattern was cute, but when i tried it on i just had to wonder - who actually looks good in this style? it fits like a sack, big and puffy in the middle but tapered at the hem. it creates the exact opposite on an hourglass shape. genuinely puzzled that anyone would look good in this style. to bad, i hope they use these cute colors and prints on a style with some waist-definition next time.	Dresses
I want to love this dress. the colors and pattern are gorgeous, and i love the hemline. but something seems off in the chest and shoulders area. it almost feels a little slouch-y.	Dresses
I was eyeing this one for a while. based on the style and other reviews, i did order one size up. i think it would have been too small [catch on the hips] in my regular size. i do wish it was a little longer, too. the back is fine because it's longer. it's definitely wearable though. i wouldn't recommend it for a work function if you're a bit taller. despite all of that, i really do like dress. it's a new favorite. i ordered the blue --- love the dot pattern. i wore it with brown booties and it	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store and absolutely fell in love with the fabric and just had to have it. i ordered it on line in my size and when it arrived, i tried it on (or tried to try it on) and it didn't fit some parts of my bday (mainly in the bust). i ordered the largest size, so there was no where to go from there except to send it back. others here have complained about a strange fit in the tummy area (i.e., too much material). i never got to find out because i really couldn't get the dress	Dresses
This dress was built for my body to disguise it's flaws. i did have to size up because i am broad shouldered, busty, with a tummy pooch and no hips. this dress skims along all that mess and makes me look slimmer. received the package today and am wearing it right now, i'm so happy! i ordered size 10, my stats are 5'3" 145# 36dd.	Dresses
This dress comes with a built in fupa. literally there is extra material at the lower abdomen that sticks out and is very unflattering.	Dresses
This is a beautiful dress, but the fit was strange. i have a small waist and larger hips. i generally wear a 0-2 in a fit & flare style, but styles like this i generally wear a 2-4 for my hips. even in a 4 this was catching on my hips and looked kind of dumpy on my top half.i really think this dress would be great on a frame that had wider shoulders and smaller hips. it really is pretty.	Dresses
I saw this dress in the store months ago and never forgot it, so when i saw it on sale i nabbed it online. so sad to see how this dress fits: just right up top, just right along the hem, and then it's a hot, potato-sack-frump mess in the middle. it's a shame because the fabric is beautiful.	Dresses
As other reviews stated, this dress runs very large. it was a big potatoe sack on me. added to the fact that the green is much brighter than the online photos, it is going back!	Dresses
I am 135 and went with a size zero. it was very cute on but a little tight on my hips when sitting. the fabric is beautiful, and very soft and silky. the length was great, comes to just barely above my knees and is long in the back. great work outfit.	Dresses
I ordered the red motif online in my current size 10. the fabric is so beautiful, even prettier than the online photo. the fit is not great on me. it made me look wider at my chest area and almost catches at my hips (i'm sure shapewear would take care of this). the dress looks really good with a jacket or vest but just weird by itself. i agree with the other reviewer who said it was a little short - i'm 5'9". it looks good standing up but is very short when i sit. there's no real stretch to the	Dresses
I purchased this dress in the green, and while the print and material were lovely, the extra folds in the neckline made the dress look frumpy up top. the billowly bottom made it look like a bag. i am 5ft, 36d and 29" waist and the size 2 fit, which makes me think this runs large! i'll be returning this dress.	Dresses
Do not buy! i used my 15% discount on this. what a waste. my usual sizes range from s to l depending on what brand. i should have gotten a small. i don't think that would've helped. it was so awkward looking. nothing like the model. it made me look as if i had gained 15 pounds. it was waaay longer in the back-like a mullet. the material was really thick. it is more appropriate for fall. i had high hopes for this-to dress up or down. it was just so ridiculous.	Knits
I ordered this since it looked so cute on the model . when i it arrived, i was excited to try it on, but when i did...blah. the color is murky and the top runs large, not to mention that the material is too heavy for a short sleeved top (plus it's lined). i really wanted to like it and debated wetting it and then putting it in the dryer to shrink it a bit. in the end, i decided that it wasn't worth it. too bad, as the concept was a good one. it just failed in the execution.	Knits
I tried on the red xs in the store and the v-neck was way too low. showed at least an inch of my bra strap in the back, which was unfortunate because i really loved the dress otherwise. i decided to purchase the xxs online hoping the v would not be so deep and would cover my bra. it did, but the xxs was significantly smaller! it still fit, but took this from an elegantly flowy and loose dress to one that looked more empire cut and tight in the chest. maybe the xs i tried in the store was just st	Dresses
I love this top it is easy to wear fun and very comfortable. i was thinking about it for weeks and kept coming back to it after i read a review about going up a size i decided to go for it and i am very happy i did!!! my new favorite!!!	Knits
I got the orange dress and find it super comfortable and flattering. i dress it up with a one-inch taupe belt and taupe wedge shoes. it moves beautifully, i can wear a regular bra and it doesn't show. i got an xs regular and the hemline hits 6" above my ankles. i'm 5' 3", 33-26-35 and normally take a size 2 or 0. i'm long waisted, so often a petite will be short-waisted on me. the seam actually comes just below the bust line on me, unlike on the model. on days when i'm a bit bloated, i can wear	Dresses
The way the back came down so much made the top look weird. i do like some tops that hang longer in the back but this one was just too much. also the material was kind of blah it was thick polyester which would not be very cool during the summer and the color looked better in the picture. so to me it was just a over priced odd top.	Knits
I bought these in both colors. i'm usually an xs or a small and i went with the small for the length. they are a comfy shirt great for the hot summer days.	Knits
This is super cute. i bought it in the gray and white lace in a size s and it's quite roomy. i probably could have sized down to an xs, but i like the relaxed look. there are a few edges of lace that are not sewn down all the way and i will have to fix them as i can see them start to pull away and eventually unravel but otherwise it's a beautiful and unique top.	Knits
I found the color to be a bit blah, and the sweater is chunky and is a tad too short for wear it lands. also, because of its "chunkiness," it doesn't tuck in as nicely to a pair of jeans as it appears to on the model.	Knits
I loved the look of this shirt, but when i put it on it was entirely too billowy under the chest. it just ended up making me look larger and pregnant.	Knits
I saw the photo of the young woman wearing this dress in the reviews and she looked beautiful, i on the other hand looked awful. the fabric of the entire dress is quite stiff, so the dress didn't move with me; it sort of felt as if i was wearing a paper cut out. then to contribute to the volume, the sleeve is not set in, it is a raglan style, that on me looked more like a bat suit, than what i was hoping for, a beautiful distinctive dress for an important affair. also the belt didn't enhance the	Dresses
This dress is so cute and comfortable! it can be dressed up or down, super versatile. love it!	Dresses
Love this top! has a beautiful shape, and it wasn't too long on my 5'3" frame. puella always makes items with lovely, soft cotton, and this is no exception! awesome piece for summer!	Knits
I ordered this tank, and was very pleased with the quality. each of the stripe colors has a different knit, adding an unusual and interesting look. it has a trim fit. i wear s and sometimes xs, but this fit perfectly in the s. i agree with the other reviewers that that armholes are the correct size- so nice not to worry about a bra showing in the armholes!	Knits
Beautifully constructed tank--but the bodice isn't fitted and hangs straight down on me--perhaps better for a full-figured individual (i'm 5' 8", 34b, 120lbs and the xs had no shape on sides). could've been longer too. size of armholes is perfect though (often they gap/show bra).	Knits
This dress didn't work for me for several reasons, but i knew i wouldn't keep it as soon as i saw the ribbing on the neck and arms, which makes an otherwise flexibly styled dress (dress up/dress down) into super casual only (plus it looks cheap). it is also not for the long waisted or tall.on the plus side, the fabric feels great, and it hangs well.	Dresses
I think this is adorable and am so excited to have bought it. it is really flattering. i love how it hangs-- it's loose enough without being unflattering at all. it's a little retro. it feels really soft! i hope it holds up well. i'm 5'1 and and 103. i got an xs and it fits perfectly.	Knits
I hoped, from the picture, that this would be more of a "straight down" sort of fit. retailer is usually really great at selling tops that flatter hips without having an obvious bell shape to them. however, the top had too much of a "flare out" bell-shaped vibe. i need to be able to wear this with maxi skirts in the summer, but this top would be too sack-like and billowy with those. i think it would only work with jeans/trousers. my final objection was the arm holes - the way they are cut,	Knits
I had eyed this simple yet stylish dress for awhile but hadn't tried it on yet. i managed to snag the orange version during the tag sale - $40 for maeve?? it is super flattering and will be a wardrobe staple for years.	Dresses
Pros:- fits tts. i tried on a size m and it fit well for my 36c and hourglass frame.- the cowl neck gives it a nice touch of class.- love the pop of yellow. not too showy and yet cute and fun.- fabric has a great feel and stretch to it. forgiving fit. - will go with many outfits.-wore a nude bra and had no see-through issues.______________cons:- does seem a tad delicate, easy to snag due to being a knit, but otherwise solid construction.- unlined.______________________rea	Knits
I purchased this top in the black and tan color, loved the fit, style and fabric. however, it is a loose weave and after just one wearing a hole opened up on the front, which could not be repaired. it was covered by the cowl neck collar but as the day wore on the hole got bagger and it can no longer be hidden. i was very disappointed in the quality of this top- i purchased it at full price and was only able to wear it once. i just didn't have the time to return it to the store.	Knits
This is a heavy dress - it's surprising when you lift up the hanger how much it weighs because it looks like a light sundress. and on my frame, which is pretty thin, it hits my shoulders and then my hips and just falls... so the heft of it means there's no waistline... it's an odd fit. the color is gorgeous, but the lack of shape made this a no.	Dresses
I ordered this online in red. i would definitely say this color is more of an orange-red. i like the weight and the cut. i keep wishing the material was a soft modal vs what it is. the ribbing up top does not bother me but it definitely does make it a casual dress. (which is what i wanted so i'm happy with it) it fits me nicely, the straps (for me) could be a hare shorter to fit perfectly. that being said, i'm 5'5" and have a thin build. small bust. i would say there is a some leeway for 1 s	Dresses
I was immediately drawn to the ochre yellow color of this dress and it's stitch and pleat details and was happy to score it early enough in the season still in my size and preferred color option. unlike other reviewers, i was not turned off by the ribbing at the neck and arm lines. i received the dress yesterday, am wearing it today, and have already received compliments from even the most sour-faced co-workers who can't give a compliment or share casual conversation in the hallway. the sunny ye	Dresses
Just bought this today and i love it. so simple, and at the same time it's not. the fabric makes it casual to dress up or down, but the shape of it is incredible and what takes it above simple. the straps felt a little long, so i will likely get it altered to be shortened in the straps. got the red and it's gorgeous.	Dresses
Absolutely love this sweater! it is a tad bit large. i bought it in a medium but because i like the loose fit i will keep it. it is very light and great for the summer. i've only worn it once so far and received many compliments on it. great quality as well!	Knits
I like the color blocking of this top, but it was too large and billowy on the bottom. it felt like a pregnancy top so i had to return it as it gave me no shape.	Knits
This top has a lot of potential (comfortable, easy to wear) but it's cut too small in the area above the bust. i tried the top in small, medium and large (i usually wear s or m in retailer tops) and couldn't get that area to not look tight or like it was pulling. you can see it on the model, too -- that space right above the bra near the armhole. i think you'd need to order a size up to get that space to work but then the top will start to look too big on the bottom. i tried the green in the sto	Knits
I saw this dress in a store the other day. it is so cute in real life. i don't think the pictures online even begin to show how cute it is on. the dress is well-made and it fit perfectly. in fact, it is quite flattering. i am so happy i saw it in the store. even though i am big online shopper i would have passed on this dress if i only saw it online, but don't because it is worth every penny.	Dresses
The good: the sloths are cute because sloths are always cute. now the bad: the material is wretched. it feels damp even when it's not... it's see through and unlined... it's scratchy and wrinkly... and though the cut of the dress would be fine, the fabric is so limp that the high-low hem looks more like a tail. i wanted to like this, but charging nearly 200 dollars for a see through piece of awful fabric with a passable cut was simple not acceptable. i returned it as fast as i possibly c	Dresses
This dress is much cuter in person than it looks on the model online. it's so flattering, it fits like a dream, and i love the fabric. i love that the skirt is a true a-line, not poofy, so it's sleek, slimming and flattering. the neckline is feminine and gorgeous and is a bit sexy, while still being classy. oh, and the length, perfection! not too long, not too short. i never ever pay full price and for this dress i had to. i am a curvy size 4 and it fits perfectly true to size. i couldn't be hap	Dresses
I loved this dress when i tried it on. the plaid is darling and the plunge is sexy. i so wish it would work for my body type. the waist came a bit too high on me (almost a line) and it made me look kind of frumpy in the midline.	Dresses
The stylist at my local retailer recommended i try this dress and it did not disappoint! the material is fabulous and it looks exactly as pictured on the model. it also has pockets which is a bonus to me. i normally wear a 4 but bought a 6 in this dress - i am a 34c and i felt the 4 was a little tight across the chest - otherwise i feel the dress is pretty much true to size.	Dresses
Really gorgeous dress...great fabric/weight, great color & style. runs one size small. i ordered my regular 6 but had to return...hope the 8 works!!!	Dresses
Wide fit. usually an 8-10 at retailer. got a large for online order and was large for sure - great for summer or winter with long sleeve and tights	Dresses
I live abroad where there is no retailer. so i rely heavily on reviews.i took the advice from others and ordered a size up. glad i did because the top portion of the dress runs very small. if you have larger breasts this dress may not work for you. luckily for me..it fits wonderfully..i love the fabric and the fact that it has pockets. it's lined..but not too bulky.its a lovely summer halter where you can show a little skin.	Dresses
This dress has been in my inbox for a long time and when it went on sale i purchased it right away. i am a size 4 petite in everything retailer and have not had a problem with fit, if anything i might have to size down. i purchased a 4 petite in this dress and i couldn't zip it all the way up. it was as if i was trying to get into a 0 petite. i don't even think a size 6 would fit. there is something not right with the make of this particular dress i received. even if the fit was perfect i didn't	Dresses
I needed a summer party dress for a few casual special occasions this summer and this dress fit the bill perfectly. fits tts (5'8", 160lb - sz 8) and is really flattering. it is quite open in the front but i was able to keep everything situated w/ the right bra. purchased it on sale and am so pleased!	Dresses
Super cute! got a marilyn vibe that i like. although i can tie the halter to make the chest area tighter, i will have to get a tailor to adjust the chest area and under the arms a bit.	Dresses
This is just the cutest dress on. i love the way the plaid comes together in the seams and the fullness of the skirt. i almost didn't order it, but then i left something in my cart too long and it was gone. this was my next choice. i haven't had the chance to wear it yet. but the wrinkles pressed out beautifully and it is hanging in my closet waiting for an event. i will wear it without a bra since even with my strapless, the bra shows in the front. i think if you want to wear a bra it would be	Dresses
Love this dress but wish the lining was full length - will be removing this liner and using a different slip underneath!	Dresses
Cutest dress i own. very flattering, makes your waist look tiny.	Dresses
Love the luxury feel, so soft. perfect for day out. i'm 5'6 and the fit is just right. not too long or short. dalls right at the shoulders too.	Dresses
I purchased this dress in blue and paired it with the seychelles forward platform wedges in cognac. the fit is amazing, the length is great (i'm 5'5" and it hits me a couple inches above the knee), and it is a great spring staple. my only issue with this dress is that is wrinkles so easily. easily fixed with a quick steam or low iron.	Dresses
This is a nice dress made with high quality fabric. unfortunately i'll need to make a return as it was quite big. i bought this dress in an xs and it was too large all around. i am about 5'3" and 112 lbs and would have taken the petite, but there were none available. i'm not sure the petite would have even been small enough. the dress was a bit too long for short ladies and definitely too large in the waist and the bust (i'm small on top). it's too bad a this was a cute, and versatile dress that	Dresses
I loved this dress immediately. it is soft to the touch and super comfortable. i will be wearing this so much this summer! the arms are true to size and the body is flowy and roomy, but it is still flattering! highly recommend!	Dresses