Paired with a black skirt and a wide black belt with buckle and it looked great. Forgot to take a photo while dressed in it. Sorry! Considering purchasing this.	work
The romper was missing the belt but I was able to add my own and really make it my style. It was a little large, but I knew that when I rented it.. still really comfortable. Would def rent again.	everyday
This dress was so amazing. I may rent again, didnt want to return it!! The back is gone but the fit was flawless so I never felt too exposed. Very sexy feeling, my husband loves maxi dresses. Wore it to host a cookout. Didnt wear a bra but you could easily wear the sick on kind.	everyday
It was professional, but with an edge. I wore a blazer over it since I had a work meeting. The dress fits snugly and cinches the waist nicely. It could definitely also work for a nice dinner.	work
Great dress for going from work to play. Received tons of compliments!	everyday
sleeves were a bit long	work
I loved this shirt. It was a little big. I would suggest going a size smaller from your normal size. Other than that, it was beautiful shirt, and I loved the fabric.	everyday
LOVE this shirtdress from Derek Lam. I've rented the other stripe shirt dress on RTR over and over again ...amazingly this one is so much better. You can dress this up with nude heels or down with flats. Be prepared to receive endless complements. Some things to note, the dress is VERY short, I always go up a size because of that. Also unlike the other stripe Derek Lam Shirt dress on RTR this one has a slip under the skirt which is a huge win for when the wind blows.	everyday
The slip that came with the dress was a little short. The actual dress was a little see through. So I wore tights under so you couldn't see the difference between the slip and dress. Other than that, loved it.	everyday
For being on the small. Side it was still comfortable	work
Cute dress! Forgiving if you are conscious around middle. A little on the short side so I wore with flats. Thick material so not see-thru!	everyday
great fit	work
Beautiful color and fabric. Loved it!	everyday
I love this dress and am even considering buying it! The material is soft and the dress is extremely comfortable. The fit is extremely flattering and helps to minimize my chest (something that is terribly hard for me to find these days. Wore this dress to work with flats and to dinner with heals, the fabric makes it very versatile!	everyday
Perfect length for work. It was comfortable and great for all-day wear around the office. stretchy quality material. It felt as if it got a little stretched out during the day but nothing really noticeable. Initially I wasn't crazy about the color scheme but it is a great dress! Dress it up with a blazer and heels and you are stylish and comfortable for the the work day.	work
This was a nice top. it fit well. The lace sleeves were fun. I wore it to work and out. Only complaint was it was a little itchy but not enough for me to forego wearing it.	everyday
Loved this maxi dress and got several compliments while wearing it but the buttons did gap in the front. Not bad if you're just standing but noticeable if you're seriously moving or sitting. I wore this on a trip up to Santa Cruz so I solved that issue by throwing a sweatshirt over it (got compliments on it as a skirt!) and then wore it to work with an apron over the front. The colors and fabric weight were wonderful!	everyday
I wear a 2 in DVF and this one fit like all the others. It's on the looser side, which is nice, and the fabric is thick so it's a great fall transition dress. The color is also really great. It's not the most spectacular dress i've ever rented, but it looked great with heels and I also wore a light leather jacket over it since the weather had started to cool off.	work
This dress is so cute!! It is a shift dress so it is not fitted, but the color and style is stunning. Received numerous compliments. There is nothing like it. Love the "v" in the front and back details.	work
Fit true to size.	everyday
Rented this top for work. The polka dot pattern is very cute. The bell sleeves were a bit wider than I expected but looked good on. The material was also a little heavier than I expected and wasn't the most comfortable but I think it was necessary to keep the shape of the top.	work
Rented via my unlimited subscription, I wore this dress to work knowing that I had a holiday party to attend in the evening. I received tons of compliments on the dress at work -- it's really pretty, but I didn't feel overdressed during the day. It's also fits like a classic shift -- loose, not tight. I could have worn a 0 instead of a 2. The only trouble I had was deciding how/if to cover my legs. The dress didn't look right with black tights, so I didn't wear stockings during the day. I'd rent this dress again, but would be more prepared with a different option to keep my legs a bit warmer.	everyday
I wore this for a casual night out. It was comfortable and unique. Loved the color. Probably could have worn a smaller size for something a little more formal.	everyday
I like this dress. It's figure flattering and runs pretty true to size - great for work. Pockets are always a plus too! I have a larger bust and small waist so it ran a bit large in the waist for me, but I probably couldn't have sized down as there is no stretch. There are no buttons so the neck is pretty high, I'd almost compare it a mock-neck turtleneck. It's pretty, but for my personal style, it wouldn't be "special" enough for a "special event." I'd rent again for work.	work
I love the color of this jacket, it's good for 50-60 degree weather. Light enough to be worn often.	everyday
Fits true to size, but size down for a backup....fits like most DVF. Loved the color...just like Tiffany blue. Wore it with hot pink necklace and earrings. A little stretch in the material. Overall nice dress, would rent again.	work
This jacket is a must have, everyday staple. It's perfect for work or evening. I kept it for several months while it was a bit cooler and could use it over any work or everyday outfit. Works great!	work
This is a great dress. Comfortable and flattering. I've rented it a few times, and I always get compliments on it. It might be a tad on the large size, so I will try sizing down next time.	work
If I was bold enough to hem this dress shorter and it wasn't tight in the shoulders, I'd buy it. The color and pattern are so much fun! You will be noticed when you wear this one.	work
Conservative and fun.	work
This dress is so pretty and flattering. The layers are light and fluttery. The fabric and fit are perfection. The item is really high quality. I wore it to a board meeting and felt amazing in it. I'm keeping it a few more weeks to wear for an upcoming business trip.	work
Pretty dress. Looks better in person.	everyday
Love this dress! So easy to wear and elegant all at the same time. Embroidery is so pretty. Fit worked well for me -- not too tight up top and waist fitted but still relaxed. Could dress up or down.	work
I normally wear a 6 or 8 for dresses, but after reading the reviews I ordered a size 10. I loved the color and the fabric was fantastic. The waist was comfortable. The dress ran a little long on my frame 5'4" The only problem I have was that there was a loose thread and it got caught on my shoe while I was sitting down and pulled. Unfortunately, the hem came out after only one wear -- I wanted to wear it again. I received compliments on the dress at work. I had to wear a jacket with the dress due to corporate dress policy that does not allow sleeveless attire as people may need to be taken to the fainting room with they witness female arms. That said the jacket did block the beautiful neckline, but was great for after work socializing.	work
Great jacket. Highly recommended	everyday
You can see your bra through the embroidery, so wear a nice nude one! I do think that you might have to size up a bit if you had a bigger bust. I would imagine since the fabric itself doesn't give, you wouldn't want the front seam/detail to gape open. The size and length worked well on me, but I have more of a slim build. I would rent again.	work
This top is SO adorable! I absolutely loved the bow in the back and the ruffles on the sleeves! The back is a little bit open, but it was just low enough that you couldn't see the back of my bra, which was perfect. I do wear a lot of black because of how chic it looks, so I'm always on the hunt for something that has a girly fun spin!	everyday
Beautiful piece but a little difficult for tall girls to wear. I'm 5'9" at best and it rode a little too high in my waist.	work
Flattering fit, a bit longer in the back which was really nice.	everyday
Creative blend of a wool fall / early winter coat meets motorcycle jacket cut. Love the color. Great coat.	everyday
This dress is amazing. I work in a commercial real estate office and I love the unlimited membership to keep my wardrobe fresh while I am in between sizes. (RTR, I wish I could pick up and exchange at the Georgetown store). I am normally a 16 but, ordered an 18 and while the 18 fit, the 16 would have been perfection. I will definitely rent this dress again, and post a picture annnnnd once I get back to my normal size I would love to purchase this dress. 5 Stars!	everyday
I wore it to work but also out at night with jeans and a silk top. I actually sized down one size but probably could have done my normal size too. Really a unique look while still looking pulled together.	work
Incredibly comfortable. Cute on but a little boxy. Got tons of compliments. Probably could have sized down and still been comfy.	everyday
I usually wear a 2 in clothing, 4 in a coat, and the small in this jacket is a snug fit, especially in the arms. It had not been previously worn, so maybe after the jacket is broken in, it will stretch a little.  The jacket is a gorgeous slightly textured blue leather. The style is simple, hits above the hip. There is an inset of solid blue fabric on the underside of the arms, that isn't readily apparent from the photos on the model.	everyday
Simple wrap dress worn to work. Many compliments. Felt very chic.	everyday
I wore this to work and received many compliments. Loved the color and cut. The material was flimsy and seemed a bit cheap, but it was definitely wearable.	work
Will rent the large next time. M was not work appropriate. But my husband liked it!	work
The dress fit well, and I got tons of compliments, but I wish it had been an inch or two longer. Also the fabric is really thick, so if you're going to be outside, I would rent something lighter-weight. The print is really pretty and well done.	everyday
this is great for winter. i'm typically a 4 and got a 2, but shlve gotten a 0. i'm NOT a small person, but this dress is massive. it isn't supposed to be tight, but in a 2 it still looked sloppy on me. so 100% size down at least one size!! if you're btwn sizes go down 1.5 sizes. trust me. it is massive. it's also thin and unlined, but that didn't bother me, esp since i wore thick tights. highly recommend as long as you size down!!	work
Wore this to work, out to dinner on date night, and to a cocktail-dress fundraiser and received many compliments at each event. Loved the fit - I was worried it would be too boxy, but the fabric is flattering and it fit beautifully. Not to short (I'm 5'3" so that's rarely a problem).	everyday
Cute, but at this retail price point would not have expected this to be polyester (my fault for not reading full details)	everyday
My fashionable boss said "what a pretty dress!" as she carried her giant Chanel bag. I usually shy away from cotton weave dresses because ironing them is a hassle. Thankfully, RTR takes care of all of that. Size 6 fits a 38 inch bust. It fits a pear shape (as usual) but if it's too big at the bottom, a waist belt looks fine.	work
This dress wasn't everything I expected. I'm short, 5'2", and this dress swallowed me whole. The armholes are also kind-of weird. There's a big black space under the arm that I didn't find flattering. The quality was average-- I couldn't understand paying $1,500+ for this garment.	work
I'm 5'2 with an hourglass shape so consider sizing up if you're bottom is on the fuller end - my usual size was too short, especially for work, so I got a size up.	work
I wore this dress for dinner at my husband's corporate outing. I love this dress and will definitely rent it again! It is super comfortable, very flattering, and shows enough skin (deep V-neck and short hemline) without being overly sexy. Perfect for a corporate event. As others have already commented, the dress runs 0.5-1.0 size large. I usually wear a 12 with RentTheRunway, but wore this dress in a 10 (but the 12 would have probably worked also). Note that the color of the dress is less bright and less pink than the stock image seems to suggest. The color in my photos accurately reflects the actual color of the dress. The dress has a thick material, is fully lined, and has 3/4 sleeves. Very flattering dress that hides a multitude of sins. Would highly recommend this dress!	work
I lost some weight so I should've ordered the size 8. Very nice cropped pants for every day wear.	everyday
Very tight in the arms. I'm 5'3" and the chest / waist all hit too low. I couldn't wear it.	everyday
Love love love this jacket! Super comfortable while still holding form to accentuate figure. The hook eye buttons make it nice and streamline when worn, and adds class to any outfit! Saving this for NYFW coming up soon!	everyday
I am petite and this dress fit me just as it looks on the model in the RnR photo. Great navy color for fall - work to work on a Friday and to a birthday party afterwards. Would highly recommend!	work
This fun Kate Spade was the perfect pastel-spring dress for Easter dinner. I liked it so much I wore it to work the next day! The fit was great, a little tight in the chest for more well endowed women, but great shape everywhere else. It's 4/5 star only because it was delivered with a couple tiny spots on the front of the bodice.	everyday
I loved the feminine look of this on the model but ended up not wearing this one as it was quite a bit puffier and prince-like in person. If you are going for something very girly, almost poodle skirt flirty this is a great pick but if you are on the fence about how frilly this is you may want to pass as it is certainly more so in person. The material was lovely and the piece was very high quality.	everyday
The dress runs true to size. It is very soft and comfy for a long day at the office. Color is bright, great for summer. The dress kind of gives a little pouch in the front due to the pleats (and my hips). Felt great while wearing it today but will not be renting again.	work
This dress was just the right length for my 5'2" frame. Not too short, not too long. The fabric is pretty opaque which is great so you do not have to wear special undergarments. The XS is a little tight on the chest for a C-cup. Had to wear a sports bra for it to comfortably fit. Otherwise, this dress is great.	everyday
I thought this top would be a metallic color but it was more of a stripped grey/blue of sorts. It is cropped and the sleeves are bell shaped - as you can see - which was not hugely flattering on me. I wore once to work but didn't love it.	work
This dress had more of stretch jean look to it that I was not expecting, my husband really liked it on me but at the end of the day I wasn't feeling it so I sent it back. Its true to size and that wasn't an issue at all, just wasn't me.	work
I am 5'4" 1/2 and the pants came to my ankles. I wouldn't say my legs are long or short. I will probably purchase and get them hemmed.	everyday
I am a curvy, 5'8" size 10/12. Usually, DVF wrap dresses are very flattering but this one missed the mark-- the material expanded quickly, making the V-neck too deep very quickly and the tie was uncomfortably slick. I'll be sticking to my sized (0-14 vs. XS-XL) DVF options moving forward.	work
Pros: professional, amazing color for summer, professional enough to wear to workCons: you have to choose a bra that doesn't have too much detail or it will pop out	work
The pattern of this jumpsuit and the fabric looks and feels amazing. The length was great as well. The only thing about it is that the fabric can cause it to be clingy/static-y. So be aware of that.	everyday
The fit was spot on. This little dress is a wrinkle free, little bit of sassy! I wore it to work with black boots and tights to make it more of a fall feel. I was super comfortable all day and felt great wearing it. Very forgiving in the belly and the neckline is low but not too low as you can see in my photo. It could be worn out to dinner or anywhere really. Out of the bag, and out the door!	work
I really liked this dress but had to wear it with leggings because the sides are so short. I am tall (5'10") and the sides came only to my wrists, even with the straps adjusted as long as they would go. It still worked with leggings, but I probably wouldn't order again.	everyday
perfect for in between seasons	work
It was a cute pattern and nice material but I didn't love how big and loose the bottom/shorts part of the romper was.	everyday
I was thrilled with how the dress fit. It was incredibly flattering and stayed "wrapped" all day. I was impressed that the sleeves fit me perfectly. At 5'4, most long sleeve dress sleeves are a bit too long on me. It is a little low for work, but double sided dress tape worked well. Dress was in great shape and I loved being able to wear my first DVF wrap dress!	work
Got a lot of compliments on this dress--the pattern is beautiful, and the tie at the waist is flattering.	work
It was maybe not the best choice for Thanksgiving, because the long sleeves made it hard to cook and eat and I couldn't roll them up. But I looked great, and got a lot of compliments.	everyday
I normally wear a 6, I sized up thinking a jacket still works if a bit larger. Surprisingly, it fit perfectly.... like a 6.	everyday
LOVED the fit of this dress- but I would definitely recommend going UP one size. I usually wear a 0-2, but the 4 was snug on me. This is a great work-to-night out dress that is long enough to be appropriate, but not dowdy. I would not recommend this for gals on the petite side just because it does run long.	work
Professional but flattering. Love the print & fabric. Quite fitted mid section.	work
Super cute!	work
This dress was perfect for work. The pattern is cute and I received several compliments. It does run big so I recommend sizing down.	everyday
I wore this to a matinee ballet with my neice- she said I needed a "princess dress" and this met her expectations! So comfy and easy to wear. The material was super soft and light. I was worried it would be see through, but it wasn't. It did run a bit large, but I could still make it work. Simple pearl earrings, and heeled brogues made this a great afternoon at the theater "fancy" dress. It could easily be more dressed up for a date.  I'd totally rent it again.	everyday
Love this top, but it was pretty faded and worn looking, otherwise I loved it and would definitely wear again.	work
This dress runs true to size and has stretch. Can be work with or without a bra. Super comfortable and received a ton of compliments.	everyday
This Bailey 44 too is soft and comfortable & just sexy enough with bare shoulders and clingy but nice fit. Not tight and good coverage but material is light & thin. The grey stripes are soft. I wore it as soon as I opened the package with distressed BF jeans and some thin gold chains. I wore to a running group meeting and just love it so much that I hopped back on RTR and bought it. This is a great casual daytime knock around top, for work (with a jacket or light cardi, depending on your office style) &/or night out.Looks great on! Very flattering!	everyday
fit great, made my small chest look big :) not too low cut (could wear it with my in laws). highly recommend. wish i could afford to own it, i would wear it all the time!	everyday
Wonderful fit, not too short, and comfortable to wear to the office.	work
Mid weight, nice lines. I ordered and wore a small (usually am a true small in tops and outwear), but i easily could have taken an XS. Plenty of room in the chest area. I'll rent this again.	everyday
Fit great!	work
Great top- just didn't work for me. This was really tight across the shoulders and back for me.	everyday
I wore this for work. I felt great and received so many compliments :)	work
I'm usually a medium, 6/8 in other dresses but this fit very well as a small. Arm openings could be sliiightly bigger but they weren't constricting. Bust was roomy enough so the buttons didn't gape. Dress hit above my knee but wasn't too short (though I'm also short). Medium weight fabric wasn't see-through at all. Plenty of room for my hips as well.	work
Nice for everyday wear. Big/Blousy in the top.	everyday
I wore this to a convention event, and also took it on a trip with me. I paired it with a blazer and jeans or black pants. It is a dressier casual top. I echo what others have said about it being sheer and low cut, which is not atypical of a Joie top. I thought it was fine to leave untucked under the blazer to make it more casual, but one me it was a strange length untucked without anything to balance it out. Overall, I really liked it a lot and I'm glad I rented it.	everyday
Didn't fit. The 2 was even way too big. I'm usually a 2-4 depending.	everyday
I rented this as part of my unlimited subscription. I didn't think I would like it as much as I did! I wore this to work and got tons of compliments. It's a soft silk. The wrists were a little snug. I ordered up a size since it was a wrap- I figured I could make it tighter by tying it. It didn't wrinkle and I found it to be really flattering. It looks high end and the color is a really pretty red. Since this a silk shirt, if you tend to sweat, I would avoid it. I would rent again.	work
This is my absolute favorite dress ever. It fits perfectly, is very comfortable, yet classic and chic. I have received many compliments on it. This style is my favorite and I feel like is the best one for me. This dress made me feel my best.	work
I'm disappointed I didn't get a picture with it on. I wore it with a black 3/4 length sleeve top and black pumps for work. I didn't find that it twisted on me on at all. It has some stretch to it and is very comfy. It can be dressed up or down. I found it ran true to size, maybe even a little big, which is surprising for DVF. The colors are blue, black and yellow. I didn't realize that. It's almost like the starry night painting. I will be getting this one again.	work
I absolutely loved this jacket. The wool was so soft and it was so comfortable. I wore with ripped jeans, slacks, and leather leggings and it worked with all 3!	work
The bottom has more volume than it appears on the model and with the top being so snug, i felt a bit pear shaped. Also, at 5'0, the dress was hitting the bottom of my knees. Would wear again if I owned it, but wasn't in love.	work
Ran small, nothing too exciting about this. The white part is see-through. I was a little self conscious of my belly button being visible through the sheer, but the shirt ran so small that I couldn't wear a tank underneath it. I wouldn't recommend this shirt.	everyday